org.mentorschools.butterfield:xml/standalone_badge_offset = 0x7f130004
org.mentorschools.butterfield:xml/standalone_badge_gravity_bottom_end = 0x7f130001
org.mentorschools.butterfield:xml/standalone_badge = 0x7f130000
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/ViewStubCompat = 0x7f12008f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/Transition = 0x7f12008a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/Toolbar = 0x7f120087
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/ThemeEnforcement = 0x7f120086
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/TextInputLayout = 0x7f120085
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/TextAppearance = 0x7f120082
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/TabLayout = 0x7f120081
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/TabItem = 0x7f120080
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/SwitchCompat = 0x7f12007e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/StateSet = 0x7f12007d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/StateListDrawable = 0x7f12007b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/Slider = 0x7f120076
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/ShapeableImageView = 0x7f120075
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/ShapeAppearance = 0x7f120074
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/RecyclerView = 0x7f120070
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/RadialViewGroup = 0x7f12006d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/PopupWindow = 0x7f12006a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/NavigationRailView = 0x7f120066
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/MotionTelltales = 0x7f120064
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/MotionScene = 0x7f120063
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/MotionLayout = 0x7f120062
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/MotionLabel = 0x7f120061
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/MotionEffect = 0x7f12005f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/MockView = 0x7f12005d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/MenuView = 0x7f12005c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/MenuGroup = 0x7f12005a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/MaterialToolbar = 0x7f120059
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/MaterialTextView = 0x7f120057
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/MaterialTextAppearance = 0x7f120056
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/MaterialShape = 0x7f120055
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/MaterialCheckBox = 0x7f120053
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/MaterialCardView = 0x7f120052
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/MaterialCalendar = 0x7f120050
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/MaterialButton = 0x7f12004e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/MaterialAutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f12004d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/MaterialAlertDialogTheme = 0x7f12004c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f12004b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/ListPopupWindow = 0x7f12004a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/LinearProgressIndicator = 0x7f120049
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/LinearLayoutCompat_Layout = 0x7f120048
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/Layout = 0x7f120046
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/KeyTrigger = 0x7f120045
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/KeyFramesVelocity = 0x7f120042
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/KeyFramesAcceleration = 0x7f120041
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/Insets = 0x7f12003d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/ImageFilterView = 0x7f12003c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/FlowLayout = 0x7f120034
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/FloatingActionButton_Behavior_Layout = 0x7f120033
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/FloatingActionButton = 0x7f120032
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/ExtendedFloatingActionButton = 0x7f120030
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/DrawerArrowToggle = 0x7f12002f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/CustomAttribute = 0x7f12002e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/CoordinatorLayout_Layout = 0x7f12002d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/ConstraintSet = 0x7f12002b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/ConstraintOverride = 0x7f12002a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/Constraint = 0x7f120026
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/CompoundButton = 0x7f120025
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/CollapsingToolbarLayout = 0x7f120022
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/ClockHandView = 0x7f120021
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/CircularProgressIndicator = 0x7f12001f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/ChipGroup = 0x7f12001e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/KeyTimeCycle = 0x7f120044
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/Chip = 0x7f12001d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/CheckedTextView = 0x7f12001c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/Carousel = 0x7f12001b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/CardView = 0x7f12001a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/Capability = 0x7f120019
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/BottomSheetBehavior_Layout = 0x7f120017
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/BottomNavigationView = 0x7f120016
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/BottomAppBar = 0x7f120015
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/Badge = 0x7f120013
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/AppCompatTextView = 0x7f120011
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/AppCompatSeekBar = 0x7f12000f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/AppCompatImageView = 0x7f12000e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/AppCompatEmojiHelper = 0x7f12000d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/AppBarLayout_Layout = 0x7f12000c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/AppBarLayoutStates = 0x7f12000b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/AppBarLayout = 0x7f12000a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat = 0x7f120007
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/AlertDialog = 0x7f120006
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/ActionBarLayout = 0x7f120001
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/ActionBar = 0x7f120000
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Tooltip = 0x7f1102d0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Surface = 0x7f1102cf
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Primary = 0x7f1102cd
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.ImageButton.ShapeAppearance = 0x7f1102cb
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.ImageButton = 0x7f1102ca
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display.TextInputEditText = 0x7f1102c9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display = 0x7f1102c8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Clock = 0x7f1102c7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Button = 0x7f1102c6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.Dense.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f1102c2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox = 0x7f1102bc
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f1102bb
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox = 0x7f1102ba
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TabLayout.Colored = 0x7f1102b6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Snackbar.FullWidth = 0x7f1102b3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Snackbar = 0x7f1102b2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Slider = 0x7f1102b1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ShapeableImageView = 0x7f1102b0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ProgressIndicator = 0x7f1102af
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f1102ae
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f1102ad
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.ContextMenu = 0x7f1102ac
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu = 0x7f1102ab
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationView = 0x7f1102aa
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView.Compact = 0x7f1102a8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView.Colored.Compact = 0x7f1102a7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView.Colored = 0x7f1102a6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView = 0x7f1102a5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.YearNavigationButton = 0x7f1102a4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Year.Selected = 0x7f1102a2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Year = 0x7f1102a1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.MonthTextView = 0x7f1102a0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.MonthNavigationButton = 0x7f11029f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Item = 0x7f11029e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderToggleButton = 0x7f11029d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderTitle = 0x7f11029c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderSelection = 0x7f11029a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderLayout = 0x7f110299
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderDivider = 0x7f110298
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderConfirmButton = 0x7f110297
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Fullscreen = 0x7f110295
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.DayTextView = 0x7f110294
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day.Selected = 0x7f110292
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day = 0x7f110290
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar = 0x7f11028f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.LinearProgressIndicator = 0x7f11028d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f11028b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon = 0x7f11028a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ExtendedFloatingActionButton = 0x7f110289
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f110288
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f110286
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CollapsingToolbar = 0x7f110285
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CircularProgressIndicator.Small = 0x7f110284
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CircularProgressIndicator.Medium = 0x7f110283
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CircularProgressIndicator.ExtraSmall = 0x7f110282
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CircularProgressIndicator = 0x7f110281
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ChipGroup = 0x7f110280
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Choice = 0x7f11027d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.UnelevatedButton = 0x7f110278
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Snackbar = 0x7f110277
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Icon = 0x7f110276
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Dialog.Icon = 0x7f110275
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Dialog = 0x7f110273
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton = 0x7f110272
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.OutlinedButton.Icon = 0x7f110271
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.OutlinedButton = 0x7f110270
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button = 0x7f11026e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomSheet.Modal = 0x7f11026d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomSheet = 0x7f11026c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomNavigationView.PrimarySurface = 0x7f11026b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomNavigationView = 0x7f110269
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar.PrimarySurface = 0x7f110268
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar.Colored = 0x7f110267
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar = 0x7f110266
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox = 0x7f110263
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f110262
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox = 0x7f110261
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Action = 0x7f11027c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AppBarLayout.Primary = 0x7f11025e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Primary = 0x7f11025a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display4 = 0x7f11001b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_track_thickness_small = 0x7f07015c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.Design.NavigationView = 0x7f110254
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_btn_disabled_elevation = 0x7f0700d5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.Design.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f110253
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/arrowHeadLength = 0x7f040035
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.Design.CollapsingToolbar = 0x7f110252
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/mtrl_picker_text_input_date = 0x7f0c0057
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Cut = 0x7f11011a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.Design.BottomSheet.Modal = 0x7f110251
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/motionEffect_viewTransition = 0x7f04028d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Button.Navigation = 0x7f11024c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/dragRight = 0x7f0900a4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f11024a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.TextView = 0x7f110249
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/AppCompatTextHelper = 0x7f120010
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.DropDown = 0x7f110246
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner = 0x7f110245
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/snackbar_action = 0x7f09017b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Icon.CenterStacked = 0x7f1100ed
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.SearchView = 0x7f110241
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar = 0x7f11023e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.SubmenuArrow = 0x7f110106
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.PopupWindow = 0x7f11023b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f110235
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ListView.DropDown = 0x7f11022f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f11022e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.DropDownItem.Spinner = 0x7f11022d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_choice_chip_text_color = 0x7f060093
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f11022c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/accessibility_custom_action_6 = 0x7f09002d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:menu/example_menu2 = 0x7f0d0001
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlay.Design.TextInputEditText = 0x7f1101dc
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActivityChooserView = 0x7f11022b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionMode.Inverse = 0x7f11022a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/collapseIcon = 0x7f0400c9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_constraintCircleAngle = 0x7f0401fa
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f110221
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f11021f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/itemMaxLines = 0x7f0401ce
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/mtrl_chip_close_icon_content_description = 0x7f100042
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.ImageButton = 0x7f11021d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.DrawerArrowToggle = 0x7f11021a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f110219
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/viewTransitionOnCross = 0x7f0403ce
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f110218
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_item_background_holo_dark = 0x7f080029
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabView.Inverse = 0x7f110226
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Colored = 0x7f110213
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/KeyCycle = 0x7f12003f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f11020f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_chip_text_color = 0x7f060090
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f11020b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton = 0x7f110209
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f110208
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlayColorAccentRed = 0x7f110203
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Surface = 0x7f110202
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Primary = 0x7f110201
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/maxHeight = 0x7f040266
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Fullscreen = 0x7f1101f9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/expanded = 0x7f040159
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/abc_menu_ctrl_shortcut_label = 0x7f100009
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date = 0x7f1101f3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/textBackgroundPanX = 0x7f040375
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f1101f0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/state_lifted = 0x7f040329
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f1101ee
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f1101ed
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/src_over = 0x7f09018a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dark.ActionBar = 0x7f1101ea
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dark = 0x7f1101e9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/waveVariesBy = 0x7f0403d9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/tooltip_horizontal_padding = 0x7f07019f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar.Surface = 0x7f1101e7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.CardView = 0x7f11000d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar.Primary = 0x7f1101e6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f1101e5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/itemRippleColor = 0x7f0401d0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/dragLeft = 0x7f0900a3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Primary = 0x7f1101df
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.ActionBar = 0x7f1101de
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents = 0x7f1101dd
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1101db
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f1101da
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.DayNight = 0x7f1101d7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f1101d4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/navigationRailStyle = 0x7f04029c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/up = 0x7f0901cc
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.NoActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f1101d0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f1101cf
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/design_fab_shadow_start_color = 0x7f06004e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.FixedSize.Bridge = 0x7f1101ca
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f1101c4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/material_grey_50 = 0x7f060067
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Bridge = 0x7f1101c2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_dialog_min_width_minor = 0x7f070023
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/mtrl_picker_date_header_title = 0x7f10004b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f1101be
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f1101ba
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.TopRightDifferentCornerSize = 0x7f110125
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.NoActionBar = 0x7f1101b4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.MinWidth.Bridge = 0x7f1101b2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f1101b1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.FixedSize.Bridge = 0x7f1101b0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/counterMaxLength = 0x7f04010b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f1101ae
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/insetForeground = 0x7f0401c4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog = 0x7f1101ab
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.DarkActionBar = 0x7f1101a9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/design_icon_tint = 0x7f060053
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/abc_shareactionprovider_share_with = 0x7f100018
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Bridge = 0x7f1101a4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/dialogPreferredPadding = 0x7f040128
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.ListApp = 0x7f1101a1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.Design.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f11019f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.Design.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f11019e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/textAppearanceSubtitle2 = 0x7f040373
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/toolbarNavigationButtonStyle = 0x7f0403ab
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/design_navigation_view = 0x7f090096
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.Design.Light = 0x7f11019d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.Design.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f11019c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/chipGroupStyle = 0x7f0400a2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.Design = 0x7f11019b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.AppCompat.NoActionBar = 0x7f11019a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/subMenuArrow = 0x7f04032f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/item_view_role_description = 0x7f10002c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f110198
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/customColorDrawableValue = 0x7f040114
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f110197
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f110196
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f110193
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f11018c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f110212
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f11018a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight = 0x7f110187
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/seekBarStyle = 0x7f0402f5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f110185
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Title = 0x7f110184
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.ExpandedMenu.Item = 0x7f110182
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Tooltip = 0x7f110181
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/motionPathRotate = 0x7f040290
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/selectableItemBackground = 0x7f0402f6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Subtitle2 = 0x7f11017f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f1100c0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Overline = 0x7f11017d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline6 = 0x7f11017c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_tabs_icon_color_selector_colored = 0x7f0600ab
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline3 = 0x7f110179
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f110217
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/ghost_view_holder = 0x7f0900c2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline2 = 0x7f110178
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Badge = 0x7f110171
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/abc_tooltip = 0x7f0c001b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.Design.Snackbar.Message = 0x7f11016e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/item_touch_helper_previous_elevation = 0x7f0900e1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_star_medium = 0x7f07003c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.Design.Placeholder = 0x7f11016c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.Design.Counter.Overflow = 0x7f110168
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/primary_text_disabled_material_light = 0x7f0600bd
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Line2 = 0x7f110163
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/default_dimension = 0x7f07005e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Switch = 0x7f11015f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Header = 0x7f11015c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.DropDownItem = 0x7f11015b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/visibilityMode = 0x7f0403d1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Inverse = 0x7f11015a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/telltales_tailScale = 0x7f04035b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_action_button_min_width_overflow_material = 0x7f07000f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Colored = 0x7f110159
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Subtitle = 0x7f110153
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/OnSwipe = 0x7f120069
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title.Inverse = 0x7f110152
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle = 0x7f11014f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f11014d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/outward = 0x7f09013d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title.Inverse = 0x7f11014c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_btn_pressed_z = 0x7f0700e3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title = 0x7f11014b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead = 0x7f110149
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/View = 0x7f12008c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/colorOnSecondary = 0x7f0400da
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small.Inverse = 0x7f110148
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/tint = 0x7f04039b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small = 0x7f110147
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_anchorGravity = 0x7f0401ec
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Title = 0x7f110146
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Menu = 0x7f110144
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/waveOffset = 0x7f0403d5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium.Inverse = 0x7f110143
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Switch = 0x7f11003e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f110141
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.SearchResult.Title = 0x7f11013f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.SearchResult.Subtitle = 0x7f11013e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_indicator_text_color = 0x7f06009b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/paddingStart = 0x7f0402b1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large = 0x7f11013c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Inverse = 0x7f11013b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/contentPadding = 0x7f0400f4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/motionEffect_end = 0x7f040287
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Headline = 0x7f11013a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display3 = 0x7f110138
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.DayNight.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1101eb
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display2 = 0x7f110137
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f11006d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body1 = 0x7f110132
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat = 0x7f110131
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TestThemeWithLineHeightDisabled = 0x7f110130
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TestThemeWithLineHeight = 0x7f11012f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TestStyleWithoutLineHeight = 0x7f11012e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Test.Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day.Selected = 0x7f11012a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/action_mode_bar = 0x7f090041
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActivityChooserView = 0x7f11020d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox = 0x7f110123
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f11004e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Year = 0x7f110122
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/scaleFromTextSize = 0x7f0402ee
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Window.Fullscreen = 0x7f110121
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomSheet = 0x7f11011c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.BottomLeftDifferentCornerSize = 0x7f110118
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/compat_button_inset_horizontal_material = 0x7f070057
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f1101fe
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.MediumComponent = 0x7f110113
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.LargeComponent = 0x7f110112
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/RtlUnderlay.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton = 0x7f11010f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/beginning = 0x7f09005b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.SearchView.MagIcon = 0x7f11010e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/icon = 0x7f0401ac
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown = 0x7f110109
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_ic_menu_share_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080026
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem = 0x7f110103
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/RtlOverlay.DialogWindowTitle.AppCompat = 0x7f110100
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Platform.V25.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1100fe
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/notification_right_icon_size = 0x7f07018b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Platform.V21.AppCompat = 0x7f1100fb
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Platform.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1100fa
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/autoCompleteToStart = 0x7f090057
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_corner_radius_small = 0x7f070174
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Platform.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark = 0x7f1100f9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Platform.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f1100f7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Platform.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f1100f6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Platform.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f1100f5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/textAppearanceButton = 0x7f040360
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/percentX = 0x7f0402c0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Text.CenterStacked = 0x7f1100f1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/borderWidth = 0x7f040060
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Text = 0x7f1100f0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Panel.CenterStacked = 0x7f1100ef
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Panel = 0x7f1100ee
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Icon = 0x7f1100ec
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/Transform = 0x7f120089
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/material_blue_grey_900 = 0x7f060060
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Body.Text = 0x7f1100e9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_shape_corner_size_medium_component = 0x7f070160
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.Design.CollapsingToolbar.Expanded = 0x7f110166
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Icon2 = 0x7f11010b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.SmallComponent = 0x7f110114
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/textureEffect = 0x7f040386
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/CardView.Light = 0x7f1100e6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/CardView.Dark = 0x7f1100e5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.TextView = 0x7f1100e3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/btn_radio_off_to_on_mtrl_animation = 0x7f08005d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout = 0x7f1100e2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/maxImageSize = 0x7f040267
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText = 0x7f1100e1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.Slider = 0x7f1100df
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.NavigationButton = 0x7f1100da
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Button.Navigation = 0x7f1100d5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f1100d3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/deltaRelative = 0x7f09008f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.TextView = 0x7f1100d2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.Underlined = 0x7f1100d1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SearchView.ActionBar = 0x7f1100cd
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/none = 0x7f090133
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar = 0x7f1100c9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/RangeSlider = 0x7f12006e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar.Horizontal = 0x7f1100c8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/abc_action_bar_home_description = 0x7f100000
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Platform.V21.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1100fc
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/anticipate = 0x7f090050
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f1100c5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListView.DropDown = 0x7f1100c2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/percent = 0x7f090149
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f1100bc
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/errorEnabled = 0x7f040152
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText.Inverse = 0x7f1100bb
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/materialClockStyle = 0x7f04025e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_text_size_title_material_toolbar = 0x7f070050
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f1100b9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1100b8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/material_timepicker_dialog_buttons_margin_top = 0x7f0700bf
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.EditText = 0x7f1100b5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.DropDownItem.Spinner = 0x7f1100b4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f110216
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.DrawerArrowToggle.Common = 0x7f1100b3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/design_dark_default_color_primary_variant = 0x7f06003a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f1100b1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f1100af
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar = 0x7f1100ad
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Small = 0x7f1100ac
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Colored = 0x7f1100ab
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/split_action_bar = 0x7f090183
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.NoActionBar = 0x7f11018d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f1100aa
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f1100a7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionMode = 0x7f1100a4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.CloseMode = 0x7f1100a2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f11009d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f11009c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.V7.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f11009b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/RecycleListView = 0x7f12006f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline4 = 0x7f11017a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_active_item_min_width = 0x7f070061
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.V7.Widget.AppCompat.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f110099
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f110097
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f1101c3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f110096
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Indicator = 0x7f11023f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/collapsedSize = 0x7f0400ca
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f110095
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.V28.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f110092
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.V26.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f110091
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.V26.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f110090
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.V23.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f11008e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/behavior_fitToContents = 0x7f040056
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar = 0x7f110215
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.V23.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f11008d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/indeterminateProgressStyle = 0x7f0401bd
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.V22.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f11008b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_constraintHorizontal_bias = 0x7f040207
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.V21.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f11008a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.V21.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f110089
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/topPanel = 0x7f0901bf
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.V21.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f110088
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.V21.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f110087
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.V21.Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f110085
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/reactiveGuide_animateChange = 0x7f0402df
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/abc_action_mode_close_item_material = 0x7f0c0005
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.Design.ScrimInsetsFrameLayout = 0x7f110255
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f1101c8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/KeyAttribute = 0x7f12003e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f110082
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/actionDownUp = 0x7f090032
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f110081
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/region_widthLessThan = 0x7f0402e6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f11007f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Bridge = 0x7f110075
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.Compat.NotificationActionContainer = 0x7f11024d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f110073
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f110158
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f110071
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_ic_commit_search_api_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f08001f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f11006c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark = 0x7f11006a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat = 0x7f110068
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_btn_text_btn_ripple_color = 0x7f060085
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f110067
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Caption = 0x7f110135
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/tabContentStart = 0x7f04033f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f110066
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_text_size_small_material = 0x7f07004c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f110062
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f110061
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_btn_transparent_bg_color = 0x7f060088
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/skipCollapsed = 0x7f090178
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f110060
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/checkedIconEnabled = 0x7f040099
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/accessibility_custom_action_12 = 0x7f090015
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.SearchView.ActionBar = 0x7f110242
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f110069
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/checkedChip = 0x7f040097
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Bridge = 0x7f11005f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/design_textinput_caption_translate_y = 0x7f07008d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f11005d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f11005b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/verticalOffset = 0x7f0403cb
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f11005a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_constraintBaseline_creator = 0x7f0401f2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f110058
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/abc_activitychooserview_choose_application = 0x7f100005
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/textinput_prefix_text = 0x7f0901b7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior = 0x7f10001d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Bridge = 0x7f110056
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f110054
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f11023a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f110051
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f110050
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f11004b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f11004a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Small = 0x7f110214
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f1101b9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/tooltip_frame_light = 0x7f080094
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f110049
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomNavigationView.Colored = 0x7f11026a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f110047
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/MaterialTimePicker = 0x7f120058
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Button = 0x7f110041
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/coordinator = 0x7f090083
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f11003f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Header = 0x7f11003b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Colored = 0x7f110038
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/quantizeMotionSteps = 0x7f0402d6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button = 0x7f110036
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/materialAlertDialogTitlePanelStyle = 0x7f040249
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Title = 0x7f110035
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Small = 0x7f1100cb
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title = 0x7f110032
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Menu = 0x7f11002f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f11002e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title.Inverse = 0x7f11002d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title = 0x7f11002c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Subtitle = 0x7f110026
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Badge = 0x7f110040
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Menu = 0x7f110024
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f110021
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f1100d7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_btn_ripple_color = 0x7f060082
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Inverse = 0x7f11001d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display1 = 0x7f110018
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/hoveredFocusedTranslationZ = 0x7f0401ab
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Caption = 0x7f110017
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body2 = 0x7f110015
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Text = 0x7f110012
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/motionProgress = 0x7f040291
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Icon = 0x7f110010
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.NoActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f1101b5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Animation.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f11000c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Animation.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f11000a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Animation.AppCompat.DropDownUp = 0x7f110004
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/AlertDialog.AppCompat = 0x7f110000
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/rounded = 0x7f090158
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/textview = 0x7f10006d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.Design.Error = 0x7f110169
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/round = 0x7f0402eb
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/status_bar_notification_info_overflow = 0x7f10006c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/search_menu_title = 0x7f10006b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/path_password_strike_through = 0x7f100069
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/path_password_eye_mask_visible = 0x7f100068
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/path_password_eye_mask_strike_through = 0x7f100067
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/path_password_eye = 0x7f100066
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/name = 0x7f100064
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Platform.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1100f3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/mtrl_picker_toggle_to_year_selection = 0x7f100063
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/mtrl_picker_toggle_to_calendar_input_mode = 0x7f100060
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_day_abbr = 0x7f10005d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_date_range_end_hint = 0x7f10005b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:anim/design_bottom_sheet_slide_in = 0x7f010018
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/mtrl_picker_save = 0x7f100059
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_only_start_selected = 0x7f100055
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/wrap = 0x7f0901d9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/transition_current_scene = 0x7f0901c3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_only_end_selected = 0x7f100054
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/mtrl_picker_out_of_range = 0x7f100053
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/mtrl_picker_navigate_to_year_description = 0x7f100052
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/mtrl_picker_invalid_format_use = 0x7f100050
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/mtrl_picker_invalid_format_example = 0x7f10004f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_tabs_icon_color_selector = 0x7f0600aa
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/mtrl_picker_day_of_week_column_header = 0x7f10004d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/RtlUnderlay.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f110110
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/backgroundOverlayColorAlpha = 0x7f040046
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.ExpandedMenu.Item = 0x7f110044
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/mtrl_picker_date_header_unselected = 0x7f10004c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/btn_checkbox_unchecked_mtrl = 0x7f08005a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f11003c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/mtrl_picker_cancel = 0x7f100048
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f1101f1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/mtrl_picker_a11y_prev_month = 0x7f100046
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification = 0x7f110161
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/mtrl_exceed_max_badge_number_suffix = 0x7f100044
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/mtrl_exceed_max_badge_number_content_description = 0x7f100043
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/material_timepicker_text_input_mode_description = 0x7f100040
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.Design.Prefix = 0x7f11016d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/material_timepicker_select_time = 0x7f10003f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/material_timepicker_hour = 0x7f10003c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListView = 0x7f1100c1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/zero_corner_chip = 0x7f0901de
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.Dialog = 0x7f110189
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/material_timepicker_clock_mode_description = 0x7f10003b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/material_slider_range_start = 0x7f100039
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/material_hour_selection = 0x7f10002f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar = 0x7f110243
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/material_clock_toggle_content_description = 0x7f10002e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/listPreferredItemHeightLarge = 0x7f04023e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/material_clock_display_divider = 0x7f10002d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/expandedTitleMarginStart = 0x7f04015f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/icon_content_description = 0x7f10002b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_label_cutout_padding = 0x7f070175
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/bounceBoth = 0x7f090060
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/fab_transformation_sheet_behavior = 0x7f100029
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/fab_transformation_scrim_behavior = 0x7f100028
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/exposed_dropdown_menu_content_description = 0x7f100027
org.mentorschools.butterfield:xml/standalone_badge_gravity_bottom_start = 0x7f130002
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/error_icon_content_description = 0x7f100026
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/description = 0x7f100025
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/clear_text_end_icon_content_description = 0x7f100024
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListMenuView = 0x7f1100bf
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_constraintWidth_max = 0x7f04021b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_content_padding_fullscreen = 0x7f0700f9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_btn_borderless_material = 0x7f080009
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/chip_text = 0x7f100023
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/character_counter_pattern = 0x7f100022
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f110094
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_unselected = 0x7f100058
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/bottom_sheet_behavior = 0x7f10001e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.SearchView = 0x7f110232
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox = 0x7f1101fb
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/app_name = 0x7f10001c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/abc_toolbar_collapse_description = 0x7f10001a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/abc_searchview_description_query = 0x7f100014
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/abc_searchview_description_clear = 0x7f100013
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/abc_menu_space_shortcut_label = 0x7f10000f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.AlertDialog.AppCompat = 0x7f110008
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/abc_menu_function_shortcut_label = 0x7f10000c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/abc_menu_delete_shortcut_label = 0x7f10000a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Panel = 0x7f110011
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/mtrl_alert_dialog_title = 0x7f0c003e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/abc_menu_enter_shortcut_label = 0x7f10000b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/abc_menu_alt_shortcut_label = 0x7f100008
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/abc_capital_off = 0x7f100006
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Test.Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar = 0x7f110128
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_width = 0x7f0700f5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f110195
org.mentorschools.butterfield:plurals/mtrl_badge_content_description = 0x7f0f0000
org.mentorschools.butterfield:mipmap/ic_launcher_round = 0x7f0e0001
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/actionModeCloseDrawable = 0x7f040015
org.mentorschools.butterfield:menu/example_menu = 0x7f0d0000
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/text_view_with_theme_line_height = 0x7f0c0071
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/cardMaxElevation = 0x7f040083
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_constraintStart_toStartOf = 0x7f040211
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/text_view_with_line_height_from_style = 0x7f0c0070
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/text_view_with_line_height_from_layout = 0x7f0c006f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/text_view_with_line_height_from_appearance = 0x7f0c006e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/test_toolbar_elevation = 0x7f0c006c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/switchStyle = 0x7f04033c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/test_toolbar_custom_background = 0x7f0c006b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/test_reflow_chipgroup = 0x7f0c0069
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/abc_action_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0c0002
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/test_navigation_bar_item_layout = 0x7f0c0068
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/test_design_checkbox = 0x7f0c0066
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/test_chip_zero_corner_radius = 0x7f0c0065
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body2 = 0x7f110133
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_ic_menu_overflow_material = 0x7f080023
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/support_simple_spinner_dropdown_item = 0x7f0c0063
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/select_dialog_item_material = 0x7f0c0060
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/notification_action_tombstone = 0x7f0c005b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/fastScrollVerticalThumbDrawable = 0x7f04016f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/notification_action = 0x7f0c005a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/my_listview_layout = 0x7f0c0059
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_size = 0x7f070156
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/mtrl_picker_text_input_date_range = 0x7f0c0058
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/mtrl_picker_header_toggle = 0x7f0c0056
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/design_navigation_icon_padding = 0x7f070077
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/mtrl_picker_header_fullscreen = 0x7f0c0053
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/mtrl_picker_header_dialog = 0x7f0c0052
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/textPanX = 0x7f040382
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/tabIconTint = 0x7f040341
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/mtrl_navigation_rail_item = 0x7f0c004e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/mtrl_calendar_year = 0x7f0c004b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body1 = 0x7f110014
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_left = 0x7f0700e0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/mtrl_calendar_vertical = 0x7f0c004a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/AppCompatTheme = 0x7f120012
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Query = 0x7f11010c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Filter = 0x7f11027f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/mtrl_calendar_month_labeled = 0x7f0c0047
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/emojiCompatEnabled = 0x7f040146
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/mtrl_calendar_month = 0x7f0c0046
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton = 0x7f1100a1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/notification_action_color_filter = 0x7f0600b4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/tabRippleColor = 0x7f040353
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/mtrl_calendar_day_of_week = 0x7f0c0043
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/mtrl_alert_select_dialog_singlechoice = 0x7f0c0041
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/mtrl_alert_select_dialog_item = 0x7f0c003f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/material_timepicker_dialog = 0x7f0c003a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/dim_foreground_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f060055
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium.Inverse = 0x7f110023
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/material_time_input = 0x7f0c0038
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/KeyFrame = 0x7f120040
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/material_textinput_timepicker = 0x7f0c0036
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/framePosition = 0x7f040194
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/textAppearanceHeadline2 = 0x7f040363
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/material_clock_period_toggle_land = 0x7f0c0032
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_slider_label_radius = 0x7f070164
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/material_clock_period_toggle = 0x7f0c0031
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/material_clock_display_divider = 0x7f0c0030
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/material_clock_display = 0x7f0c002f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/material_chip_input_combo = 0x7f0c002e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/blocking = 0x7f09005d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/design_text_input_start_icon = 0x7f0c002d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/design_text_input_end_icon = 0x7f0c002c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/design_navigation_item = 0x7f0c0026
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/design_layout_tab_text = 0x7f0c0024
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/material_hour_suffix = 0x7f100030
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/design_layout_snackbar_include = 0x7f0c0022
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_chip_pressed_translation_z = 0x7f07011b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/design_layout_snackbar = 0x7f0c0021
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1101a3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/all = 0x7f09004a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/design_bottom_navigation_item = 0x7f0c001f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/activity_detail = 0x7f0c001c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/mtrl_alert_select_dialog_multichoice = 0x7f0c0040
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_rounded_corner_radius = 0x7f0700d0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/abc_screen_simple_overlay_action_mode = 0x7f0c0016
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/abc_screen_simple = 0x7f0c0015
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/abc_screen_content_include = 0x7f0c0014
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/motionDurationShort2 = 0x7f040280
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/abc_popup_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0c0013
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/tabPaddingTop = 0x7f040352
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_000 = 0x7f08000c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/abc_list_menu_item_radio = 0x7f0c0011
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f110070
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/abc_list_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0c0010
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/abc_expanded_menu_layout = 0x7f0c000d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/abc_dialog_title_material = 0x7f0c000c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_constraintBottom_toBottomOf = 0x7f0401f7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/abc_alert_dialog_title_material = 0x7f0c000a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/abc_alert_dialog_material = 0x7f0c0009
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.TopLeftCut = 0x7f110124
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar = 0x7f11023c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_material = 0x7f0c0008
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f110020
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/abc_action_mode_bar = 0x7f0c0004
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/abc_action_menu_layout = 0x7f0c0003
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/abc_action_bar_title_item = 0x7f0c0000
org.mentorschools.butterfield:interpolator/mtrl_linear = 0x7f0b0009
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f1101cb
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/navigation_bar_item_large_label_view = 0x7f09012b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:interpolator/mtrl_fast_out_linear_in = 0x7f0b0007
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/material_textinput_timepicker = 0x7f0900fc
org.mentorschools.butterfield:interpolator/fast_out_slow_in = 0x7f0b0006
org.mentorschools.butterfield:interpolator/btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0 = 0x7f0b0005
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/expandedTitleMarginTop = 0x7f040160
org.mentorschools.butterfield:interpolator/btn_checkbox_unchecked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0 = 0x7f0b0002
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/fastScrollHorizontalTrackDrawable = 0x7f04016e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:integer/status_bar_notification_info_maxnum = 0x7f0a001b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f110037
org.mentorschools.butterfield:integer/mtrl_tab_indicator_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0a0019
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/lStar = 0x7f0401e2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:integer/mtrl_calendar_year_selector_span = 0x7f0a0015
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f1101fc
org.mentorschools.butterfield:integer/mtrl_calendar_header_orientation = 0x7f0a0013
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_constraintCircle = 0x7f0401f9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f110078
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.Dense.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f1102be
org.mentorschools.butterfield:integer/mtrl_btn_anim_delay_ms = 0x7f0a0011
org.mentorschools.butterfield:integer/material_motion_duration_medium_1 = 0x7f0a000b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:anim/mtrl_card_lowers_interpolator = 0x7f01001f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:integer/hide_password_duration = 0x7f0a0008
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/keylines = 0x7f0401e1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:integer/design_tab_indicator_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0a0007
org.mentorschools.butterfield:integer/design_snackbar_text_max_lines = 0x7f0a0006
org.mentorschools.butterfield:integer/config_tooltipAnimTime = 0x7f0a0005
org.mentorschools.butterfield:integer/cancel_button_image_alpha = 0x7f0a0004
org.mentorschools.butterfield:integer/abc_config_activityShortDur = 0x7f0a0001
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/x_left = 0x7f0901dc
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_action_bar_content_inset_material = 0x7f070000
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/wrap_content_constrained = 0x7f0901db
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/mtrl_ic_error = 0x7f08007c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TestStyleWithLineHeight = 0x7f11012b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/wrap_content = 0x7f0901da
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/titleEnabled = 0x7f0403a0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/withinBounds = 0x7f0901d8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/visible_removing_fragment_view_tag = 0x7f0901d5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/visible = 0x7f0901d4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/view_tree_view_model_store_owner = 0x7f0901d3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/view_tree_saved_state_registry_owner = 0x7f0901d2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/view_tree_lifecycle_owner = 0x7f0901d1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/vertical_only = 0x7f0901ce
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/uniform = 0x7f0901ca
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/unchecked = 0x7f0901c9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/Motion = 0x7f12005e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/statusBarForeground = 0x7f04032b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_cascading_menus_min_smallest_width = 0x7f070016
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/transition_layout_save = 0x7f0901c4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.DialogWindowTitle.AppCompat = 0x7f11000e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/transition_transform = 0x7f0901c7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/abc_tint_spinner = 0x7f060017
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/transitionToStart = 0x7f0901c2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/transitionToEnd = 0x7f0901c1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/touch_outside = 0x7f0901c0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/toggle = 0x7f0901bd
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/titleDividerNoCustom = 0x7f0901bb
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/title = 0x7f0901ba
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/time = 0x7f0901b9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/textinput_suffix_text = 0x7f0901b8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/textinput_helper_text = 0x7f0901b5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/textinput_counter = 0x7f0901b3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f110055
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f110052
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/material_emphasis_high_type = 0x7f0700ac
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/text_input_end_icon = 0x7f0901b0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/notification_template_part_chronometer = 0x7f0c005e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:array/items = 0x7f030001
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.CompactMenu = 0x7f110048
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/SharedValueId = 0x7f040001
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/text2 = 0x7f0901aa
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/switch_thumb_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f0600c8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f110053
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/material_helper_text_default_padding_top = 0x7f0700b4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/text = 0x7f0901a9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/test_checkbox_app_button_tint = 0x7f0901a6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Subtitle = 0x7f110034
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/test_checkbox_android_button_tint = 0x7f0901a5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/postLayout = 0x7f09014c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/tag_transition_group = 0x7f0901a1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/tag_screen_reader_focusable = 0x7f09019f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/tag_on_apply_window_listener = 0x7f09019c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_calendar_bottom_padding = 0x7f0700ee
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/tag_accessibility_clickable_spans = 0x7f090199
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/priceTextView = 0x7f09014d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/stretch = 0x7f090193
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/tag_accessibility_actions = 0x7f090198
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/gestureInsetBottomIgnored = 0x7f040196
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/tabMode = 0x7f090197
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/supportScrollUp = 0x7f090196
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/cardview_compat_inset_shadow = 0x7f070053
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f1100ba
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/submit_area = 0x7f090195
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.Design.NoActionBar = 0x7f1101a0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f110190
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/submenuarrow = 0x7f090194
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/stop = 0x7f090192
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/staticPostLayout = 0x7f090191
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_collapseParallaxMultiplier = 0x7f0401ef
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/imageButtonStyle = 0x7f0401b7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/startHorizontal = 0x7f09018d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f1101a2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/start = 0x7f09018c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/standard = 0x7f09018b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/square = 0x7f090187
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CardView = 0x7f11027a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/spread = 0x7f090184
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/itemShapeInsetEnd = 0x7f0401d5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/iconTintMode = 0x7f0401b3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/special_effects_controller_view_tag = 0x7f090181
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f1100d4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/slide = 0x7f09017a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/iconEndPadding = 0x7f0401ad
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_large_touch_target = 0x7f07013a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/sin = 0x7f090177
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/design_snackbar_padding_vertical = 0x7f070086
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/showTitle = 0x7f090176
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/showHome = 0x7f090175
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/materialCalendarHeaderCancelButton = 0x7f040250
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/sharedValueUnset = 0x7f090172
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/tabBackground = 0x7f04033e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/sharedValueSet = 0x7f090171
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/search_voice_btn = 0x7f09016d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/search_mag_icon = 0x7f09016a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/search_button = 0x7f090166
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_progress_indicator_full_rounded_corner_radius = 0x7f07015d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/image = 0x7f0900d5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Picker.Date.Spinner = 0x7f1100eb
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/search_bar = 0x7f090165
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/scrollable = 0x7f090163
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/scrollView = 0x7f090162
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.ContextMenu = 0x7f1100dc
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/screen = 0x7f09015e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/sawtooth = 0x7f09015c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/accessibility_custom_action_25 = 0x7f090023
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_calendar_action_height = 0x7f0700ec
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/save_overlay_view = 0x7f09015b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_max_velocity = 0x7f07009b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/save_non_transition_alpha = 0x7f09015a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/row_index_key = 0x7f090159
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/accessibility_custom_action_27 = 0x7f090025
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/south = 0x7f09017f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/right_side = 0x7f090157
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/right = 0x7f090154
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/material_filled_edittext_font_1_3_padding_top = 0x7f0700af
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/progress_horizontal = 0x7f09014f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/position = 0x7f09014b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/ifTagSet = 0x7f0401b6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/helperTextEnabled = 0x7f04019d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/peekHeight = 0x7f090148
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/itemShapeAppearanceOverlay = 0x7f0401d2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/colorOnBackground = 0x7f0400d6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/abc_popup_menu_header_item_layout = 0x7f0c0012
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/pathRelative = 0x7f090147
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/async = 0x7f090053
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/path = 0x7f090146
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f11007b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/password_toggle = 0x7f090145
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/parentRelative = 0x7f090143
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Animation.Design.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f110006
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/parentPanel = 0x7f090142
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/highlight_alpha_material_colored = 0x7f070093
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/material_clock_face = 0x7f0900f2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/parallax = 0x7f090140
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/packed = 0x7f09013f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/overshoot = 0x7f09013e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/on = 0x7f09013a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f1101ef
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/behavior_expandedOffset = 0x7f040055
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/off = 0x7f090139
org.mentorschools.butterfield:animator/design_appbar_state_list_animator = 0x7f020000
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/notification_main_column = 0x7f090137
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/notification_background = 0x7f090136
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/mtrl_picker_text_input_range_end = 0x7f090121
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/normal = 0x7f090134
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/flow_firstHorizontalStyle = 0x7f040174
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/never = 0x7f09012e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/navigation_bar_item_icon_view = 0x7f090129
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/myRelativeLayout = 0x7f090127
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/myListView = 0x7f090126
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/multiply = 0x7f090125
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/mtrl_view_tag_bottom_padding = 0x7f090124
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/material_label = 0x7f0900f9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/mtrl_picker_title_text = 0x7f090123
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/mtrl_picker_text_input_date = 0x7f090120
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/mtrl_picker_header_title_and_selection = 0x7f09011e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/mtrl_picker_header = 0x7f09011c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/mtrl_picker_fullscreen = 0x7f09011b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/mtrl_child_content_container = 0x7f090118
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/mtrl_calendar_text_input_frame = 0x7f090115
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/buttonTintMode = 0x7f04007e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/mtrl_calendar_months = 0x7f090113
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/itemSpacing = 0x7f0401d8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/mtrl_calendar_main_pane = 0x7f090112
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_padding = 0x7f070181
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/ratio = 0x7f090151
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date.Header.Text = 0x7f1101f5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/mtrl_calendar_frame = 0x7f090111
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/carousel_touchUpMode = 0x7f04008e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/mtrl_calendar_day_selector_frame = 0x7f09010f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/abc_screen_toolbar = 0x7f0c0017
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/motion_base = 0x7f09010d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/MaterialCalendarItem = 0x7f120051
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1101a7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/month_title = 0x7f09010c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/fontProviderFetchTimeout = 0x7f04018b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.Text = 0x7f110107
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/test_toolbar_surface = 0x7f0c006d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/month_navigation_previous = 0x7f09010b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/material_motion_easing_emphasized = 0x7f100035
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/month_navigation_bar = 0x7f090108
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/colorControlActivated = 0x7f0400d2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.AppCompat.Empty = 0x7f110192
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/middle = 0x7f090105
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_size_small = 0x7f070159
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/abc_prepend_shortcut_label = 0x7f100011
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.EditText = 0x7f11021c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/actionModeCopyDrawable = 0x7f040016
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/message = 0x7f090104
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/colorControlNormal = 0x7f0400d4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/material_timepicker_view = 0x7f090102
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/material_timepicker_mode_button = 0x7f090100
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Caption = 0x7f110175
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents = 0x7f1100e8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:integer/material_motion_path = 0x7f0a000f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f110072
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/material_timepicker_cancel_button = 0x7f0900fd
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/material_hour_text_input = 0x7f0900f7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title.Inverse = 0x7f110033
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/material_clock_period_am_button = 0x7f0900f4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionButton.CloseMode = 0x7f110228
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f110134
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/accessibility_custom_action_0 = 0x7f090011
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_list_selector_holo_dark = 0x7f080035
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f1101bf
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/match_parent = 0x7f0900f0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/masked = 0x7f0900ee
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/list_item = 0x7f0900ed
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/ghost_view = 0x7f0900c1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/listMode = 0x7f0900ec
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/NavigationBarView = 0x7f120065
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/legacy = 0x7f0900e8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/leftToRight = 0x7f0900e7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/layout = 0x7f0900e5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/queryHint = 0x7f0402d8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/labeled = 0x7f0900e4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/jumpToStart = 0x7f0900e3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/jumpToEnd = 0x7f0900e2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.BarSize = 0x7f1101c0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/item2 = 0x7f0900de
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/trackHeight = 0x7f0403b9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/test_toolbar = 0x7f0c006a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/mtrl_alert_dialog_actions = 0x7f0c003d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/cardCornerRadius = 0x7f040080
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/item1 = 0x7f0900dd
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat = 0x7f110013
org.mentorschools.butterfield:animator/mtrl_fab_hide_motion_spec = 0x7f020016
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/italic = 0x7f0900dc
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/reactiveGuide_valueId = 0x7f0402e2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/inward = 0x7f0900db
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/tabMaxWidth = 0x7f04034b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/test_design_radiobutton = 0x7f0c0067
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Title = 0x7f110180
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f11007d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/icon_group = 0x7f0900d1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/icon = 0x7f0900d0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_ratingbar_material = 0x7f08003a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/horizontal_only = 0x7f0900cf
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/homeAsUp = 0x7f0900cd
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/hideable = 0x7f0900cb
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/header_title = 0x7f0900ca
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_constraintBaseline_toBaselineOf = 0x7f0401f3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/groups = 0x7f0900c8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/grouping = 0x7f0900c7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:integer/show_password_duration = 0x7f0a001a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/group_divider = 0x7f0900c6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_elevation = 0x7f070063
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/graph = 0x7f0900c4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/autoCompleteTextViewStyle = 0x7f040039
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_text_size_subtitle_material_toolbar = 0x7f07004e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/gone = 0x7f0900c3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/frost = 0x7f0900c0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/fitToContents = 0x7f0900ba
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/fill_horizontal = 0x7f0900b7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_top = 0x7f0700c3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/expanded_menu = 0x7f0900b4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/exitUntilCollapsed = 0x7f0900b2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f110080
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless = 0x7f1100a8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/enterAlwaysCollapsed = 0x7f0900b1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/design_navigation_menu = 0x7f0c002a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/enterAlways = 0x7f0900b0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f1102bd
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Platform.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat = 0x7f1100f8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/endToStart = 0x7f0900af
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/design_fab_background = 0x7f080060
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/edit_query = 0x7f0900ac
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/mtrl_layout_snackbar = 0x7f0c004c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/abc_list_menu_item_icon = 0x7f0c000f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/dragEnd = 0x7f0900a2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_btn_check_material_anim = 0x7f08000b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/mtrl_picker_actions = 0x7f0c004f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/logoDescription = 0x7f040245
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/dragDown = 0x7f0900a1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/carousel_forwardTransition = 0x7f04008a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/region_heightLessThan = 0x7f0402e4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/disablePostScroll = 0x7f09009c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/disableHome = 0x7f09009a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/direct = 0x7f090099
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/material_motion_easing_accelerated = 0x7f100033
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_label_padding = 0x7f070068
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/design_menu_item_text = 0x7f090095
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/design_menu_item_action_area_stub = 0x7f090094
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/yearSelectedStyle = 0x7f0403e4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.V7.Widget.AppCompat.EditText = 0x7f11009a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/ForegroundLinearLayout = 0x7f120037
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/design_menu_item_action_area = 0x7f090093
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/descriptionTextView = 0x7f090091
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/default_activity_button = 0x7f09008e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/purple_200 = 0x7f0600be
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/decelerate = 0x7f09008b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/tag_window_insets_animation_callback = 0x7f0901a4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/primary_dark_material_light = 0x7f0600b7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/customPanel = 0x7f090088
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/material_text_view_test_line_height_override = 0x7f0700b9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/custom = 0x7f090087
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/counterclockwise = 0x7f090085
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/contiguous = 0x7f090081
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/actionModeSplitBackground = 0x7f04001d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText = 0x7f1101fa
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/titleMargin = 0x7f0403a1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat = 0x7f1101d3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/material_timepicker_edit_text = 0x7f0900ff
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/contentPanel = 0x7f090080
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/abc_menu_shift_shortcut_label = 0x7f10000e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/content = 0x7f09007f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/constraint = 0x7f09007d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/confirm_button = 0x7f09007c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/boxCollapsedPaddingTop = 0x7f040068
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f1100a0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/collapseActionView = 0x7f09007b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/closest = 0x7f09007a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/clockwise = 0x7f090079
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/mtrl_dialog_background = 0x7f080077
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/clip_vertical = 0x7f090078
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/clear_text = 0x7f090076
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/snackbar_text = 0x7f09017c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/chip_group = 0x7f090073
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/chip = 0x7f09006f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/tabSelectedTextColor = 0x7f040354
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small = 0x7f110028
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/checked = 0x7f09006e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/center_horizontal = 0x7f090069
org.mentorschools.butterfield:animator/fragment_close_exit = 0x7f020004
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/hint_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f070096
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/carryVelocity = 0x7f090067
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/callMeasure = 0x7f090065
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_action_bar_content_inset_with_nav = 0x7f070001
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/cache_measures = 0x7f090064
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f1102b9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/parent = 0x7f090141
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/buttonPanel = 0x7f090063
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/bounceEnd = 0x7f090061
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/bounce = 0x7f09005f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/bottom = 0x7f09005e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/beginOnFirstDraw = 0x7f09005a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.Alert.Bridge = 0x7f1101ad
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/baseline = 0x7f090059
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/autoCompleteToEnd = 0x7f090056
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText.Inverse = 0x7f110224
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/ActionMenuView = 0x7f120003
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/autoComplete = 0x7f090055
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_btn_stroke_size = 0x7f0700e5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/asConfigured = 0x7f090052
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/animateToStart = 0x7f09004e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/animateToEnd = 0x7f09004d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/allStates = 0x7f09004b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/aligned = 0x7f090049
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/pivotAnchor = 0x7f0402c3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/alertTitle = 0x7f090048
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Dialog.Flush = 0x7f110274
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/windowMinWidthMajor = 0x7f0403e1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/add = 0x7f090047
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/tabIndicatorAnimationMode = 0x7f040345
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/action_mode_bar_stub = 0x7f090042
org.mentorschools.butterfield:anim/btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_dot_group_animation = 0x7f010015
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu = 0x7f1100db
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/action_bar_title = 0x7f09003a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/action_bar_root = 0x7f090037
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/action_bar_activity_content = 0x7f090035
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/blendSrc = 0x7f04005d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/action_bar = 0x7f090034
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/actionUp = 0x7f090033
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/background_material_dark = 0x7f06001f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/actionDown = 0x7f090031
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/accessibility_custom_action_8 = 0x7f09002f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionButton = 0x7f110227
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/fill_vertical = 0x7f0900b8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f110204
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/accessibility_custom_action_4 = 0x7f09002b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/accessibility_custom_action_30 = 0x7f090029
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/accessibility_custom_action_3 = 0x7f090028
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/ActivityChooserView = 0x7f120005
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/accessibility_custom_action_28 = 0x7f090026
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/abc_action_mode_done = 0x7f100003
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline5 = 0x7f11017b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/accessibility_custom_action_21 = 0x7f09001f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/accessibility_custom_action_2 = 0x7f09001d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/actionModePasteDrawable = 0x7f040019
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.DropDownItem = 0x7f11003a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/accessibility_custom_action_19 = 0x7f09001c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/drawableBottomCompat = 0x7f040133
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/accessibility_custom_action_14 = 0x7f090017
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/accessibility_custom_action_13 = 0x7f090016
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/accessibility_custom_action_11 = 0x7f090014
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/abc_cascading_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0c000b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/accessibility_custom_action_10 = 0x7f090013
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/measureWithLargestChild = 0x7f04026b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.Design.Tab = 0x7f110170
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/accessibility_custom_action_1 = 0x7f090012
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/accessibility_action_clickable_span = 0x7f090010
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/SnackbarLayout = 0x7f120078
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/accelerate = 0x7f09000f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/north = 0x7f090135
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/TOP_START = 0x7f09000e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/colorPrimaryDark = 0x7f0400dd
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/guideline = 0x7f0900c9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/TOP_END = 0x7f09000d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f110207
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/design_navigation_item_separator = 0x7f0c0028
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/accessibility_custom_action_17 = 0x7f09001a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/SHOW_ALL = 0x7f090009
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/RelativeLayout = 0x7f090007
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/META = 0x7f090005
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/chipStrokeColor = 0x7f0400af
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/FUNCTION = 0x7f090004
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display4 = 0x7f110139
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/CTRL = 0x7f090003
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/BOTTOM_END = 0x7f090001
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/accessibility_custom_action_7 = 0x7f09002e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/notify_panel_notification_icon_bg = 0x7f08008d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/design_default_color_secondary = 0x7f060048
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/onInterceptTouchReturnSwipe = 0x7f09013b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/OnClick = 0x7f120068
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/prefixTextAppearance = 0x7f0402ce
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/notification_tile_bg = 0x7f08008c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/tag_unhandled_key_listeners = 0x7f0901a3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/colorOnError = 0x7f0400d7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/test_custom_background = 0x7f080090
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/notification_template_icon_bg = 0x7f08008a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/notification_bg_normal = 0x7f080087
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/notification_bg_low_pressed = 0x7f080086
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/material_on_surface_emphasis_medium = 0x7f060074
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/notification_bg_low_normal = 0x7f080085
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/notification_bg = 0x7f080083
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.AppCompat.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f110191
org.mentorschools.butterfield:anim/abc_shrink_fade_out_from_bottom = 0x7f010005
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/mtrl_tabs_default_indicator = 0x7f080080
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/extendedFloatingActionButtonStyle = 0x7f040163
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/mtrl_popupmenu_background_dark = 0x7f08007f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/mtrl_ic_arrow_drop_up = 0x7f08007a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/scrollIndicatorDown = 0x7f090160
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/mtrl_ic_arrow_drop_down = 0x7f080079
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/duration = 0x7f04013f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/included = 0x7f0900d8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/mtrl_calendar_horizontal = 0x7f0c0045
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/material_grey_900 = 0x7f06006b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/material_ic_keyboard_arrow_next_black_24dp = 0x7f080072
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/chipMinTouchTargetSize = 0x7f0400a9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/material_ic_clear_black_24dp = 0x7f08006f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/material_ic_calendar_black_24dp = 0x7f08006e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_star_black_48dp = 0x7f080046
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/material_cursor_drawable = 0x7f08006d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/cornerFamilyBottomLeft = 0x7f040100
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/ic_mtrl_chip_close_circle = 0x7f08006c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/test_navigation_bar_shadow_height = 0x7f07019c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/ic_mtrl_chip_checked_circle = 0x7f08006b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/ic_launcher_foreground = 0x7f080068
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/EmptyTheme = 0x7f1100e7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/ic_clock_black_24dp = 0x7f080065
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/expandedTitleMarginEnd = 0x7f04015e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/design_ic_visibility_off = 0x7f080062
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/design_ic_visibility = 0x7f080061
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/btn_radio_on_to_off_mtrl_animation = 0x7f08005f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/btn_checkbox_unchecked_to_checked_mtrl_animation = 0x7f08005b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/btn_checkbox_checked_mtrl = 0x7f080058
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/avd_hide_password = 0x7f080056
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_textfield_search_default_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080053
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_text_select_handle_middle_mtrl = 0x7f08004e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/material_clock_size = 0x7f0700a7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/itemTextAppearance = 0x7f0401db
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_text_cursor_material = 0x7f08004c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_tab_indicator_material = 0x7f08004a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_star_half_black_48dp = 0x7f080047
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView.PrimarySurface = 0x7f1102a9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_spinner_mtrl_am_alpha = 0x7f080044
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_seekbar_tick_mark_material = 0x7f080042
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Surface = 0x7f11025d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:animator/design_fab_hide_motion_spec = 0x7f020001
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_seekbar_thumb_material = 0x7f080041
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_scrubber_primary_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f08003f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/FragmentContainerView = 0x7f120039
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f110076
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_005 = 0x7f08003e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_scrubber_control_off_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f08003c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_ratingbar_small_material = 0x7f08003b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_popup_background_mtrl_mult = 0x7f080038
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_list_selector_holo_light = 0x7f080036
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_light = 0x7f080034
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_light = 0x7f080032
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_dark = 0x7f080031
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_title = 0x7f100057
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_list_pressed_holo_light = 0x7f080030
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_inset_medium = 0x7f070153
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/ic_launcher_background = 0x7f080067
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/flow_verticalGap = 0x7f040183
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_ic_ab_back_material = 0x7f08001c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_list_divider_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f08002c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f11007e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_item_background_holo_light = 0x7f08002a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_ic_voice_search_api_material = 0x7f080028
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/GradientColorItem = 0x7f12003b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_ic_search_api_material = 0x7f080027
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_ic_menu_selectall_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080025
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/staggered = 0x7f04031e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_translation_z_base = 0x7f07012f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/mtrl_dropdown_arrow = 0x7f080078
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_ic_menu_paste_mtrl_am_alpha = 0x7f080024
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_ic_go_search_api_material = 0x7f080020
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/lineHeight = 0x7f040232
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListMenuView = 0x7f110234
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/tag_unhandled_key_event_manager = 0x7f0901a2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/design_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused = 0x7f070074
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_calendar_selection_text_baseline_to_bottom_fullscreen = 0x7f07010b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_ic_arrow_drop_right_black_24dp = 0x7f08001d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/cut = 0x7f090089
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_cab_background_top_material = 0x7f080017
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/test_level_drawable = 0x7f080091
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/expandedTitleMargin = 0x7f04015c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_cab_background_internal_bg = 0x7f080016
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00001 = 0x7f080014
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_btn_colored_material = 0x7f08000e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_015 = 0x7f08000d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/expand_activities_button = 0x7f0900b3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_action_bar_item_background_material = 0x7f080008
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/$avd_show_password__2 = 0x7f080005
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Spinner = 0x7f1100d0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f1100a9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/tooltip_frame_dark = 0x7f080093
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/$avd_show_password__0 = 0x7f080003
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/$avd_hide_password__1 = 0x7f080001
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/$avd_hide_password__0 = 0x7f080000
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/tooltip_y_offset_non_touch = 0x7f0701a4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Title = 0x7f110165
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_calendar_title_baseline_to_top = 0x7f07010e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/tooltip_precise_anchor_threshold = 0x7f0701a2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/navigation_bar_item_small_label_view = 0x7f09012c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/background_floating_material_dark = 0x7f06001d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/tooltip_precise_anchor_extra_offset = 0x7f0701a1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_constraintTop_creator = 0x7f040213
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/tooltip_corner_radius = 0x7f07019e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/region_widthMoreThan = 0x7f0402e7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/test_navigation_bar_text_size = 0x7f07019d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/material_clock_display = 0x7f0900f1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/test_navigation_bar_item_max_width = 0x7f070199
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/test_navigation_bar_icon_size = 0x7f070198
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.CheckedTextView = 0x7f1100d8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu = 0x7f1100bd
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/test_navigation_bar_height = 0x7f070197
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/AlertDialog.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f110001
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_btn_text_btn_bg_color_selector = 0x7f060084
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f110077
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/shortcut = 0x7f090173
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/test_navigation_bar_active_text_size = 0x7f070195
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/test_navigation_bar_active_item_min_width = 0x7f070194
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/test_navigation_bar_active_item_max_width = 0x7f070193
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CheckedTextView = 0x7f11027b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/test_mtrl_calendar_day_cornerSize = 0x7f070192
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/notification_top_pad_large_text = 0x7f070191
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/disableScroll = 0x7f09009d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/GradientColor = 0x7f12003a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SearchView = 0x7f1100cc
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/telltales_tailColor = 0x7f04035a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/notification_top_pad = 0x7f070190
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/notification_right_side_padding_top = 0x7f07018c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/notification_media_narrow_margin = 0x7f07018a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/design_fab_translation_z_pressed = 0x7f070075
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/notification_main_column_padding_top = 0x7f070189
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Test.Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day = 0x7f110129
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/notification_large_icon_width = 0x7f070188
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/notification_content_margin_start = 0x7f070186
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/notification_action_text_size = 0x7f070184
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_minHeight = 0x7f07017f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_cornerSize = 0x7f07017e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/flow_lastVerticalStyle = 0x7f04017e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_arrowSize = 0x7f07017d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/curveFit = 0x7f040112
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/center_vertical = 0x7f09006a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_toolbar_default_height = 0x7f07017c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/btn_radio_on_mtrl = 0x7f08005e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_textinput_outline_box_expanded_padding = 0x7f07017a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/flow_horizontalBias = 0x7f040178
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/errorIconTintMode = 0x7f040155
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.Design.Snackbar = 0x7f110256
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Title = 0x7f110046
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Icon1 = 0x7f11010a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_textinput_end_icon_margin_start = 0x7f070179
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date.Header.Text.Day = 0x7f1101f6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_textinput_counter_margin_start = 0x7f070178
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/mtrl_picker_header_selection_text = 0x7f0c0054
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_corner_radius_medium = 0x7f070173
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_margin = 0x7f07016f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/state_collapsible = 0x7f040326
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/navigation_header_container = 0x7f09012d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/material_clock_period_pm_button = 0x7f0900f5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_background_corner_radius = 0x7f07016d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.V7.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f110098
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.Design.HelperText = 0x7f11016a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_action_text_color_alpha = 0x7f07016c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f11024b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f11005c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_slider_track_top = 0x7f07016a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_slider_track_side_padding = 0x7f070169
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/constraintSetEnd = 0x7f0400e7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/tabStyle = 0x7f040355
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/button_material_dark = 0x7f060028
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_slider_thumb_radius = 0x7f070167
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Animation.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f110005
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/action_text = 0x7f090044
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextView = 0x7f1102c4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/state_dragged = 0x7f040327
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_slider_thumb_elevation = 0x7f070166
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_slider_label_square_side = 0x7f070165
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/labelBehavior = 0x7f0401e3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_slider_label_padding = 0x7f070163
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_shape_corner_size_small_component = 0x7f070161
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_shape_corner_size_large_component = 0x7f07015f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/mtrl_picker_announce_current_selection = 0x7f100047
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_edit_text_material = 0x7f08001b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/itemShapeAppearance = 0x7f0401d1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/test_action_chip = 0x7f0c0064
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_track_thickness_extra_small = 0x7f07015a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_switch_track_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080049
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/design_default_color_on_secondary = 0x7f060043
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_size_medium = 0x7f070158
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_size_extra_small = 0x7f070157
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/continuousVelocity = 0x7f090082
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/tooltip_vertical_padding = 0x7f0701a3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_text_btn_text_color_selector = 0x7f0600ae
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_text_size = 0x7f070150
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/trackColorActive = 0x7f0403b6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_text_bottom_margin = 0x7f07014f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.BottomRightCut = 0x7f110119
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_icon_size = 0x7f07014d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/chipSpacingHorizontal = 0x7f0400ab
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f1101e1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/search_badge = 0x7f090164
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_icon_margin = 0x7f07014c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:anim/design_bottom_sheet_slide_out = 0x7f010019
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/closeIcon = 0x7f0400c0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_default_width = 0x7f07014a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_switch_thumb_material = 0x7f080048
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/navigationIcon = 0x7f040299
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_active_text_size = 0x7f070148
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_shape_vertical_margin = 0x7f070147
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/springBoundary = 0x7f040317
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_shape_horizontal_margin = 0x7f070146
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_horizontal_padding = 0x7f070143
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_constraintDimensionRatio = 0x7f0401fc
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_navigation_elevation = 0x7f070142
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionMode = 0x7f11020c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/character_counter_content_description = 0x7f100020
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_min_touch_target_size = 0x7f07013f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_progress_track_thickness = 0x7f07015e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_low_ripple_focused_alpha = 0x7f07013c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_fab_translation_z_pressed = 0x7f070135
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_fab_min_touch_target = 0x7f070133
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_top_padding = 0x7f07012e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/track = 0x7f0403b4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_start_padding_icon = 0x7f07012d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/accessibility_custom_action_31 = 0x7f09002a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_min_height = 0x7f07012a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_icon_text_spacing = 0x7f070129
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/reactiveGuide_applyToAllConstraintSets = 0x7f0402e0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_bottom_padding = 0x7f070121
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_chip_text_size = 0x7f07011c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/contentPaddingTop = 0x7f0400fa
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/drawableEndCompat = 0x7f040134
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_compact_width = 0x7f070149
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/error_color_material_dark = 0x7f060059
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_high_ripple_focused_alpha = 0x7f070137
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/windowFixedWidthMinor = 0x7f0403e0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/MotionHelper = 0x7f120060
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/actionBarTabBarStyle = 0x7f040008
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/rangeFillColor = 0x7f0402db
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_card_elevation = 0x7f070119
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/ic_keyboard_black_24dp = 0x7f080066
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_card_checked_icon_margin = 0x7f070115
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_vertical_padding = 0x7f070113
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/triggerSlack = 0x7f0403c5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/onNegativeCross = 0x7f0402a5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_horizontal_padding = 0x7f070112
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_height = 0x7f070111
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_calendar_text_input_padding_top = 0x7f07010d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/actionBarTabTextStyle = 0x7f04000a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/dialog_button = 0x7f090097
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/SwitchMaterial = 0x7f12007f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/itemShapeInsetTop = 0x7f0401d7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_calendar_selection_text_baseline_to_bottom = 0x7f07010a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_card_view_foreground = 0x7f06008b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/material_clockface_textview = 0x7f0c0033
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/actionModePopupWindowStyle = 0x7f04001a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_dialog_list_padding_bottom_no_buttons = 0x7f070020
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_calendar_pre_l_text_clip_padding = 0x7f070108
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/design_bottom_sheet_elevation = 0x7f07006c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_calendar_navigation_top_padding = 0x7f070107
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/motionEasingAccelerated = 0x7f040281
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_calendar_navigation_bottom_padding = 0x7f070105
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/saturation = 0x7f0402ed
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_text_size_medium_material = 0x7f070049
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_calendar_maximum_default_fullscreen_minor_axis = 0x7f070102
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_text_padding = 0x7f0700fe
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_calendar_days_of_week_height = 0x7f0700f6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_slider_halo_radius = 0x7f070162
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/dimensions = 0x7f090098
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_today_stroke = 0x7f0700f3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/textAppearancePopupMenuHeader = 0x7f04036e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.LargeTouch = 0x7f1101ce
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0700f2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/action_context_bar = 0x7f09003c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/startVertical = 0x7f09018f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_corner = 0x7f0700f0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_calendar_content_padding = 0x7f0700ef
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/deltaPolarRadius = 0x7f040125
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/materialAlertDialogTitleIconStyle = 0x7f040248
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_editor_absoluteY = 0x7f040220
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_calendar_action_padding = 0x7f0700ed
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/triggerReceiver = 0x7f0403c4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_calendar_action_confirm_button_min_width = 0x7f0700eb
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/abc_primary_text_material_light = 0x7f06000c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/itemPadding = 0x7f0401cf
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_btn_z = 0x7f0700ea
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/listChoiceIndicatorSingleAnimated = 0x7f040237
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox = 0x7f1101e2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/mini = 0x7f090106
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_start_padding = 0x7f07012c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/$avd_show_password__1 = 0x7f080004
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/trackTint = 0x7f0403bb
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_btn_icon_padding = 0x7f0700e6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/onShow = 0x7f0402a7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Subtitle = 0x7f110045
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/circularflow_defaultAngle = 0x7f0400b6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/bottomsheet_action_expand_halfway = 0x7f10001f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_btn_snackbar_margin_horizontal = 0x7f0700e4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_high_ripple_default_alpha = 0x7f070136
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/carousel_firstView = 0x7f040089
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_corner_radius = 0x7f070122
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_date_hint = 0x7f10005a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/invisible = 0x7f0900da
org.mentorschools.butterfield:interpolator/btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0 = 0x7f0b0004
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_btn_disabled_z = 0x7f0700d6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_btn_icon_padding = 0x7f0700db
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/materialCalendarHeaderTitle = 0x7f040255
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_btn_focused_z = 0x7f0700d8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_vertical_offset = 0x7f0700d1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/west = 0x7f0901d6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_badge_with_text_radius = 0x7f0700cc
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_navigation_item_background_color = 0x7f0600a0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListView.DropDown = 0x7f110237
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_badge_toolbar_action_menu_item_vertical_offset = 0x7f0700cb
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/abc_action_bar_up_description = 0x7f100001
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/tag_accessibility_pane_title = 0x7f09019b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/chip3 = 0x7f090072
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_card_checked_icon_size = 0x7f070116
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/CardView = 0x7f1100e4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/boxStrokeWidth = 0x7f04006f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/view_offset_helper = 0x7f0901cf
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/itemHorizontalTranslationEnabled = 0x7f0401ca
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_constraintHeight_min = 0x7f040205
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/notification_main_column_container = 0x7f090138
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_dark = 0x7f080033
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_badge_long_text_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0700c6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_badge_horizontal_edge_offset = 0x7f0700c5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/passwordToggleEnabled = 0x7f0402b9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/material_cursor_width = 0x7f0700aa
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_badge_radius = 0x7f0700c7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/material_timepicker_minute = 0x7f10003d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/pathMotionArc = 0x7f0402bc
org.mentorschools.butterfield:mipmap/ic_launcher = 0x7f0e0000
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/mtrl_picker_header_selection_text = 0x7f09011d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/material_textinput_default_width = 0x7f0700ba
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display3 = 0x7f11001a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/src_atop = 0x7f090188
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/material_text_view_test_line_height = 0x7f0700b8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/material_input_text_to_prefix_suffix_padding = 0x7f0700b7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.Solid.Inverse = 0x7f110220
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_btn_bg_color_selector = 0x7f060081
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/material_helper_text_font_1_3_padding_top = 0x7f0700b6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/material_helper_text_font_1_3_padding_horizontal = 0x7f0700b5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_padding_horizontal = 0x7f070171
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/material_font_2_0_box_collapsed_padding_top = 0x7f0700b3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:anim/btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_ring_outer_path_animation = 0x7f010014
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/mock_labelColor = 0x7f040277
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/snackbarStyle = 0x7f040310
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/touchAnchorSide = 0x7f0403b2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/material_filled_edittext_font_1_3_padding_bottom = 0x7f0700ae
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead.Inverse = 0x7f11002b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/backgroundInsetStart = 0x7f040044
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_card_dragged_z = 0x7f070118
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/quantizeMotionInterpolator = 0x7f0402d4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/actionLayout = 0x7f04000f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/material_emphasis_medium = 0x7f0700ad
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_tabs_ripple_color = 0x7f0600ad
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/checkedIcon = 0x7f040098
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/noState = 0x7f090132
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/percentHeight = 0x7f0402be
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/actionMenuTextColor = 0x7f040011
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/firstBaselineToTopHeight = 0x7f040171
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/chip1 = 0x7f090070
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/material_emphasis_disabled = 0x7f0700ab
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/mtrl_picker_invalid_format = 0x7f10004e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/item_touch_helper_max_drag_scroll_per_frame = 0x7f07009a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_btn_padding_right = 0x7f0700e8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f1101c6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/windowNoTitle = 0x7f0403e3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_scrim_color = 0x7f0600a8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/fragment_container_view_tag = 0x7f0900bf
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/checkMarkTint = 0x7f040093
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/material_cursor_inset_top = 0x7f0700a9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.UnelevatedButton.Icon = 0x7f110279
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_navigation_bar_item_default_icon_size = 0x7f070140
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/ClockFaceView = 0x7f120020
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_goneMarginLeft = 0x7f040224
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/passwordToggleTintMode = 0x7f0402bb
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/mock_diagonalsColor = 0x7f040274
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/material_clock_number_text_size = 0x7f0700a3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/design_navigation_max_width = 0x7f07007b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/material_clock_face_margin_top = 0x7f07009f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_button_padding_vertical_material = 0x7f070015
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/material_clock_display_padding = 0x7f07009e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_vertical_padding = 0x7f0700f4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/errorContentDescription = 0x7f040151
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/trackColorInactive = 0x7f0403b7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_velocity = 0x7f07009c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/scale = 0x7f09015d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/hint_pressed_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f070098
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.V21.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f110086
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f11015d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/hint_alpha_material_light = 0x7f070097
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.DayNight.ActionBar = 0x7f1101d8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/highlight_alpha_material_light = 0x7f070095
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/fastscroll_margin = 0x7f070091
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_action_bar_stacked_tab_max_width = 0x7f07000a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/clockHandColor = 0x7f0400bd
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/disabled_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f07008e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/design_tab_text_size = 0x7f07008b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/line1 = 0x7f0900e9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/design_snackbar_padding_horizontal = 0x7f070085
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_inset_small = 0x7f070154
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_low_ripple_default_alpha = 0x7f07013b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/design_snackbar_max_width = 0x7f070083
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f11004d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/design_navigation_separator_vertical_padding = 0x7f07007d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/ViewTransition = 0x7f120090
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/animateRelativeTo = 0x7f040030
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/carousel_touchUp_velocityThreshold = 0x7f040090
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/design_navigation_item_horizontal_padding = 0x7f070079
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Year.Today = 0x7f1102a3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/targetId = 0x7f040359
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/material_slider_halo_color = 0x7f060078
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/carousel_backwardTransition = 0x7f040087
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/design_navigation_icon_size = 0x7f070078
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/multiChoiceItemLayout = 0x7f040297
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/bright_foreground_disabled_material_light = 0x7f060023
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_bottom_margin = 0x7f0700ce
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/design_fab_image_size = 0x7f070071
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/cardview_dark_background = 0x7f06002a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/design_fab_elevation = 0x7f070070
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_end_padding = 0x7f070126
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/design_fab_border_width = 0x7f07006f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/indicatorSize = 0x7f0401c2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/materialCalendarHeaderSelection = 0x7f040254
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_constraintGuide_percent = 0x7f040201
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_top = 0x7f0700e2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/design_bottom_sheet_modal_elevation = 0x7f07006d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/paddingBottomNoButtons = 0x7f0402ac
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_insetEdge = 0x7f040228
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_edit_text_inset_horizontal_material = 0x7f07002d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:interpolator/mtrl_linear_out_slow_in = 0x7f0b000a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_item_max_width = 0x7f070066
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/tabTextColor = 0x7f040357
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_calendar_landscape_header_width = 0x7f070101
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_active_item_max_width = 0x7f070060
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/thickness = 0x7f04038b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/clock_face_margin_start = 0x7f070056
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/design_appbar_elevation = 0x7f07005f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:interpolator/mtrl_fast_out_slow_in = 0x7f0b0008
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/action_container = 0x7f09003b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/compat_control_corner_material = 0x7f07005b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/androidx_startup = 0x7f10001b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_calendar_month_horizontal_padding = 0x7f070103
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/appcompat_dialog_background_inset = 0x7f070052
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Snackbar.TextView = 0x7f1102b4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:integer/mtrl_card_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0a0017
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/action_bar_size = 0x7f070051
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/tabPadding = 0x7f04034e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f11028c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_text_size_subhead_material = 0x7f07004d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_low_ripple_pressed_alpha = 0x7f07013e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_text_size_menu_material = 0x7f07004b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/abc_color_highlight_material = 0x7f060004
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/paddingBottomSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f0402ad
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_text_size_headline_material = 0x7f070047
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead = 0x7f11002a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/abc_search_dropdown_item_icons_2line = 0x7f0c0018
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_edit_text_inset_top_material = 0x7f07002e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_text_size_display_4_material = 0x7f070046
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f1100de
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/theme = 0x7f040389
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_text_size_display_2_material = 0x7f070044
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f11009f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/design_navigation_item_header = 0x7f0c0027
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_text_size_display_1_material = 0x7f070043
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_text_size_body_2_material = 0x7f070040
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_text_size_body_1_material = 0x7f07003f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActivityChooserView = 0x7f1100a5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/ifTagNotSet = 0x7f0401b5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_text_size_menu_header_material = 0x7f07004a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f1102c3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_switch_padding = 0x7f07003e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/textEnd = 0x7f0901ab
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/windowFixedWidthMajor = 0x7f0403df
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_star_small = 0x7f07003d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/clip_horizontal = 0x7f090077
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/logo = 0x7f040244
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TabLayout.PrimarySurface = 0x7f1102b7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Badge = 0x7f110265
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_star_big = 0x7f07003b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/itemShapeFillColor = 0x7f0401d3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/shapeAppearance = 0x7f0402fb
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_progress_bar_height_material = 0x7f070035
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_panel_menu_list_width = 0x7f070034
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_list_item_height_small_material = 0x7f070032
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_list_item_height_material = 0x7f070031
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_list_item_height_large_material = 0x7f070030
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/accessibility_custom_action_20 = 0x7f09001e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_disabled_alpha_material_light = 0x7f070028
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/flow_firstVerticalBias = 0x7f040175
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_dialog_padding_top_material = 0x7f070025
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/ignoreRequest = 0x7f0900d4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_dialog_min_width_major = 0x7f070022
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/chipSpacing = 0x7f0400aa
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f1100be
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Entry = 0x7f11027e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_width_minor = 0x7f07001f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/useLogo = 0x7f0901cd
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/cardview_shadow_end_color = 0x7f06002c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_width_major = 0x7f07001e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/accessibility_custom_action_22 = 0x7f090020
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/fontProviderFetchStrategy = 0x7f04018a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/materialCalendarHeaderDivider = 0x7f040252
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_height_major = 0x7f07001c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Time = 0x7f110164
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.DrawerArrowToggle = 0x7f1100b2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_slider_track_height = 0x7f070168
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_dialog_corner_radius_material = 0x7f07001b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/abc_activity_chooser_view = 0x7f0c0006
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_control_padding_material = 0x7f07001a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_high_ripple_hovered_alpha = 0x7f070138
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f110083
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_icon_size = 0x7f070065
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/view_transition = 0x7f0901d0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/skipped = 0x7f090179
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/select_dialog_multichoice_material = 0x7f0c0061
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/transitionEasing = 0x7f0403bf
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/end = 0x7f0900ae
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_control_corner_material = 0x7f070018
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_corner = 0x7f070110
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_constraintBottom_toTopOf = 0x7f0401f8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/customDimension = 0x7f040116
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/material_blue_grey_800 = 0x7f06005f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_button_padding_horizontal_material = 0x7f070014
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/ic_mtrl_checked_circle = 0x7f080069
org.mentorschools.butterfield:animator/mtrl_btn_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/backgroundSplit = 0x7f040047
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_alert_dialog_button_dimen = 0x7f070011
org.mentorschools.butterfield:animator/mtrl_chip_state_list_anim = 0x7f020010
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/abc_tint_edittext = 0x7f060015
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/action_image = 0x7f09003e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/textInputStyle = 0x7f04037e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_action_button_min_width_material = 0x7f07000e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/material_hour_tv = 0x7f0900f8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_action_bar_subtitle_top_margin_material = 0x7f07000c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_action_bar_subtitle_bottom_margin_material = 0x7f07000b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_action_bar_stacked_max_height = 0x7f070009
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/chipIconSize = 0x7f0400a5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar.Discrete = 0x7f1100cf
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/itemBackground = 0x7f0401c7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_action_bar_elevation_material = 0x7f070005
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_action_bar_default_padding_start_material = 0x7f070004
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f110211
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/material_timepicker_container = 0x7f0900fe
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/disabled_alpha_material_light = 0x7f07008f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_action_bar_default_padding_end_material = 0x7f070003
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_scrollFlags = 0x7f04022c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_action_bar_default_height_material = 0x7f070002
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/primary_dark_material_dark = 0x7f0600b6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large.Inverse = 0x7f11013d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/tabIndicatorHeight = 0x7f040349
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/tooltip_background_light = 0x7f0600d3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar = 0x7f11021e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/chipIcon = 0x7f0400a3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/design_dark_default_color_on_primary = 0x7f060035
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_bottom = 0x7f0700df
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/snackbarButtonStyle = 0x7f04030f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/test_mtrl_calendar_day_selected = 0x7f0600d1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/contentPaddingBottom = 0x7f0400f5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/teal_700 = 0x7f0600cf
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/snackbarTextViewStyle = 0x7f040311
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/nameTextView = 0x7f090128
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/switch_thumb_material_light = 0x7f0600cb
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f1101b6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.Icon = 0x7f11026f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/secondary_text_disabled_material_light = 0x7f0600c7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/abc_tint_seek_thumb = 0x7f060016
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/secondary_text_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f0600c6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/androidx_core_ripple_material_light = 0x7f06001b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/secondary_text_default_material_light = 0x7f0600c5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/secondary_text_default_material_dark = 0x7f0600c4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/ripple_material_light = 0x7f0600c3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Subtitle.Inverse = 0x7f110154
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/material_slider_range_end = 0x7f100038
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/ripple_material_dark = 0x7f0600c2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_constraintCircleRadius = 0x7f0401fb
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_btn_inset = 0x7f0700dc
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/hideAnimationBehavior = 0x7f0401a0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/purple_500 = 0x7f0600bf
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/radiobutton_themeable_attribute_color = 0x7f0600c1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/spring = 0x7f090186
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.NoActionBar = 0x7f1101d1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f1101c9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/password_toggle_content_description = 0x7f100065
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/divider = 0x7f04012b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_end_material = 0x7f070007
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/suffixTextAppearance = 0x7f040337
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/constraintRotate = 0x7f0400e5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1101e8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/primary_text_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f0600bc
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/material_bottom_sheet_max_width = 0x7f07009d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/primary_text_default_material_light = 0x7f0600bb
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f11015e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Subtitle = 0x7f110183
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_button_inset_vertical_material = 0x7f070013
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/flow_padding = 0x7f040180
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/primary_material_dark = 0x7f0600b8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/abc_primary_text_material_dark = 0x7f06000b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/limitBoundsTo = 0x7f040231
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/compat_button_padding_horizontal_material = 0x7f070059
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_textinput_focused_box_stroke_color = 0x7f0600b2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Platform.V25.AppCompat = 0x7f1100fd
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/startIconTintMode = 0x7f040323
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_textinput_filled_box_default_background_color = 0x7f0600b1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_height_minor = 0x7f07001d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/FontFamilyFont = 0x7f120036
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TitleItem = 0x7f110101
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_textinput_disabled_color = 0x7f0600b0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/test_mtrl_calendar_day = 0x7f0600d0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/rippleColor = 0x7f0402e9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/title = 0x7f04039d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/ButtonBarLayout = 0x7f120018
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Indicator = 0x7f1100ca
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_textinput_default_box_stroke_color = 0x7f0600af
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/design_navigation_item_subheader = 0x7f0c0029
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/actionDropDownStyle = 0x7f04000e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_badge_toolbar_action_menu_item_horizontal_offset = 0x7f0700ca
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/bottomSheetStyle = 0x7f040065
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_tabs_colored_ripple_color = 0x7f0600a9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/KeyPosition = 0x7f120043
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/cornerSizeTopLeft = 0x7f040108
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/behavior_skipCollapsed = 0x7f04005c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/design_bottom_sheet = 0x7f090092
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/$avd_hide_password__2 = 0x7f080002
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_popupmenu_overlay_color = 0x7f0600a7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/accessibility_custom_action_18 = 0x7f09001b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_outlined_stroke_color = 0x7f0600a6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/tickColorInactive = 0x7f040396
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_outlined_icon_tint = 0x7f0600a5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/cancel_button = 0x7f090066
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/notification_icon_background = 0x7f080089
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_textinput_hovered_box_stroke_color = 0x7f0600b3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_on_primary_text_btn_text_color_selector = 0x7f0600a3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_disabled_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f070027
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_navigation_item_text_color = 0x7f0600a2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/chip2 = 0x7f090071
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/arc = 0x7f090051
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/material_ic_menu_arrow_up_black_24dp = 0x7f080076
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/dayTodayStyle = 0x7f040120
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/dividerPadding = 0x7f04012d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_dialog_title_divider_material = 0x7f070026
org.mentorschools.butterfield:integer/mtrl_calendar_selection_text_lines = 0x7f0a0014
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_navigation_bar_item_tint = 0x7f06009e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/disjoint = 0x7f09009e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_navigation_bar_colored_ripple_color = 0x7f06009d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_margin = 0x7f070069
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/textLocale = 0x7f04037f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_navigation_bar_colored_item_tint = 0x7f06009c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/navigationMode = 0x7f04029b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_filled_stroke_color = 0x7f06009a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/imagePanX = 0x7f0401b8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/mtrl_picker_a11y_next_month = 0x7f100045
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/roundPercent = 0x7f0402ec
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_filled_icon_tint = 0x7f060099
org.mentorschools.butterfield:integer/mtrl_chip_anim_duration = 0x7f0a0018
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_filled_background_color = 0x7f060098
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/FontFamily = 0x7f120035
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_fab_icon_text_color_selector = 0x7f060096
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/tooltip_y_offset_touch = 0x7f0701a5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.Design.TextInputLayout = 0x7f110259
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/mtrl_picker_confirm = 0x7f100049
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_fab_bg_color_selector = 0x7f060095
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/price = 0x7f10006a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/custom_dialog = 0x7f0c001e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_scrubber_track_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080040
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/material_textinput_max_width = 0x7f0700bb
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/material_timepicker_am = 0x7f10003a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_error = 0x7f060094
org.mentorschools.butterfield:integer/material_motion_duration_long_2 = 0x7f0a000a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_btn_hovered_z = 0x7f0700d9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_search_view_preferred_height = 0x7f070036
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/spinnerStyle = 0x7f040315
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/compat_button_padding_vertical_material = 0x7f07005a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_dodgeInsetEdges = 0x7f04021e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/StateListDrawableItem = 0x7f12007c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_chip_background_color = 0x7f06008d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/noScroll = 0x7f090131
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/actionModeShareDrawable = 0x7f04001c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_calendar_selected_range = 0x7f06008a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_btn_text_color_selector = 0x7f060087
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/accessibility_custom_action_9 = 0x7f090030
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_constraintVertical_bias = 0x7f040216
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_btn_stroke_color_selector = 0x7f060083
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/autoSizeMaxTextSize = 0x7f04003a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/endIconTint = 0x7f04014c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/primary_material_light = 0x7f0600b9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/material_timepicker_clock_text_color = 0x7f06007e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/material_timepicker_button_stroke = 0x7f06007d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/material_slider_active_tick_marks_color = 0x7f060076
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/spread_inside = 0x7f090185
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/constraint_referenced_tags = 0x7f0400ea
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/material_on_surface_stroke = 0x7f060075
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date.Spinner = 0x7f1101f7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/action_mode_close_button = 0x7f090043
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/material_on_surface_emphasis_high_type = 0x7f060073
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/material_on_surface_disabled = 0x7f060072
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/material_ic_menu_arrow_down_black_24dp = 0x7f080075
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/progressBarStyle = 0x7f0402d3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/material_on_primary_emphasis_medium = 0x7f060071
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_content_padding = 0x7f0700f8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_min_width = 0x7f07012b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/abc_capital_on = 0x7f100007
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/item3 = 0x7f0900df
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/material_on_primary_emphasis_high_type = 0x7f060070
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline6 = 0x7f110042
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/antiClockwise = 0x7f09004f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/passwordToggleDrawable = 0x7f0402b8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/material_on_primary_disabled = 0x7f06006f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/materialCircleRadius = 0x7f04025d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/selection_type = 0x7f090170
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/drawableTintMode = 0x7f04013a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/ConstraintLayout_ReactiveGuide = 0x7f120028
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_start_material = 0x7f070008
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/design_snackbar_action_inline_max_width = 0x7f07007e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/material_on_background_emphasis_high_type = 0x7f06006d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f11004f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:integer/bottom_sheet_slide_duration = 0x7f0a0003
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/material_deep_teal_500 = 0x7f060064
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/design_default_color_surface = 0x7f06004a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/mtrl_picker_dialog = 0x7f0c0050
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/color = 0x7f0400ce
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/material_cursor_color = 0x7f060062
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_text_size_display_3_material = 0x7f070045
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/dim_foreground_disabled_material_light = 0x7f060056
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/design_snackbar_background_color = 0x7f060054
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/MaterialButtonToggleGroup = 0x7f12004f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/extendMotionSpec = 0x7f040162
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_exposed_dropdown_menu_popup_vertical_padding = 0x7f070120
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/mtrl_layout_snackbar_include = 0x7f0c004d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/onStateTransition = 0x7f0402a8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/behavior_autoShrink = 0x7f040053
org.mentorschools.butterfield:integer/material_motion_duration_short_2 = 0x7f0a000e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/decelerateAndComplete = 0x7f09008c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/overlay = 0x7f0402ab
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_calendar_month_vertical_padding = 0x7f070104
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/indicatorColor = 0x7f0401be
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/customColorValue = 0x7f040115
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/design_fab_stroke_top_outer_color = 0x7f060052
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Animation.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f110003
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/cornerSizeBottomRight = 0x7f040107
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/design_fab_stroke_end_outer_color = 0x7f060050
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/design_fab_stroke_end_inner_color = 0x7f06004f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Centered = 0x7f1101f2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert.Bridge = 0x7f1101b8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/fontProviderPackage = 0x7f04018c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/design_fab_shadow_mid_color = 0x7f06004d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/design_error = 0x7f06004b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.DialogTitle.Icon = 0x7f110102
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/foreground_material_light = 0x7f06005c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/applyMotionScene = 0x7f040033
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_slider_widget_height = 0x7f07016b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/design_default_color_primary_variant = 0x7f060047
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.Test = 0x7f110115
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/design_default_color_primary_dark = 0x7f060046
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/material_timepicker_textinput_display = 0x7f0c003b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/design_default_color_on_surface = 0x7f060044
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/notification_action_icon_size = 0x7f070183
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/design_default_color_on_primary = 0x7f060042
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/currentState = 0x7f090086
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/placeholderText = 0x7f0402c4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/info = 0x7f0900d9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/design_default_color_on_error = 0x7f060041
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/navigation_empty_icon = 0x7f080081
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/highlighted_text_material_light = 0x7f06005e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/design_default_color_error = 0x7f06003f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_height = 0x7f0700fb
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/design_default_color_background = 0x7f06003e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/abc_tint_default = 0x7f060014
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_config_prefDialogWidth = 0x7f070017
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_minWidth = 0x7f070180
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/abc_activity_chooser_view_list_item = 0x7f0c0007
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/design_dark_default_color_primary_dark = 0x7f060039
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/fontProviderSystemFontFamily = 0x7f04018e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/design_fab_shadow_end_color = 0x7f06004c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/design_dark_default_color_primary = 0x7f060038
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/flow_firstHorizontalBias = 0x7f040173
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/design_dark_default_color_on_secondary = 0x7f060036
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/mtrl_motion_snapshot_view = 0x7f09011a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/material_time_chip = 0x7f0c0037
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/design_dark_default_color_on_error = 0x7f060034
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/percentWidth = 0x7f0402bf
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/design_dark_default_color_on_background = 0x7f060033
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/materialAlertDialogTitleTextStyle = 0x7f04024a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/design_box_stroke_color = 0x7f060030
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/foregroundInsidePadding = 0x7f040193
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/viewTransitionMode = 0x7f0403cd
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Platform.Widget.AppCompat.Spinner = 0x7f1100ff
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/design_bottom_navigation_shadow_color = 0x7f06002f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/textAppearanceListItemSecondary = 0x7f04036b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/abc_tint_switch_track = 0x7f060018
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/materialButtonToggleGroupStyle = 0x7f04024d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/checkbox_themeable_attribute_color = 0x7f06002e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/cardview_shadow_start_color = 0x7f06002d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/LinearLayoutCompat = 0x7f120047
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_constraintHeight_default = 0x7f040203
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layoutManager = 0x7f0401ea
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/cardview_light_background = 0x7f06002b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/right_icon = 0x7f090156
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_btn_text_color_disabled = 0x7f060086
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/bright_foreground_inverse_material_light = 0x7f060025
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/fastScrollEnabled = 0x7f04016c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f11007a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f11020e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_edittext_rectangle_top_offset = 0x7f07011d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/background_floating_material_light = 0x7f06001e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/material_clock_period_toggle = 0x7f0900f6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/accent_material_light = 0x7f06001a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/showCustom = 0x7f090174
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless = 0x7f110210
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/accent_material_dark = 0x7f060019
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialButtonToggleGroup = 0x7f11028e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/buttonStyleSmall = 0x7f04007c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/material_clock_hand_padding = 0x7f0700a1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/design_snackbar_extra_spacing_horizontal = 0x7f070082
org.mentorschools.butterfield:integer/material_motion_duration_long_1 = 0x7f0a0009
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/mtrl_alert_dialog = 0x7f0c003c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/abc_tint_btn_checkable = 0x7f060013
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/abc_secondary_text_material_light = 0x7f060012
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.DropDownItem.Spinner = 0x7f11021b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/ScrollingViewBehavior_Layout = 0x7f120072
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle = 0x7f110030
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/abc_secondary_text_material_dark = 0x7f060011
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TestStyleWithThemeLineHeightAttribute = 0x7f11012d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/chainUseRtl = 0x7f040091
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/chipSpacingVertical = 0x7f0400ac
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_dark = 0x7f060009
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/design_snackbar_padding_vertical_2lines = 0x7f070087
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/abc_hint_foreground_material_light = 0x7f060008
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/ActionMenuItemView = 0x7f120002
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/material_motion_easing_decelerated = 0x7f100034
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button = 0x7f110157
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/accessibility_custom_action_15 = 0x7f090018
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/abc_decor_view_status_guard_light = 0x7f060006
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/abc_btn_colored_borderless_text_material = 0x7f060002
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/defaultState = 0x7f040123
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/search_edit_frame = 0x7f090168
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_light = 0x7f060001
org.mentorschools.butterfield:bool/abc_config_actionMenuItemAllCaps = 0x7f050001
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/squash = 0x7f08008f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/chain = 0x7f09006b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:bool/abc_action_bar_embed_tabs = 0x7f050000
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_textinput_start_icon_margin_end = 0x7f07017b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/windowMinWidthMinor = 0x7f0403e2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/elastic = 0x7f0900ad
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/windowFixedHeightMinor = 0x7f0403de
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/windowFixedHeightMajor = 0x7f0403dd
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/windowActionModeOverlay = 0x7f0403dc
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_icon_size = 0x7f070128
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/switch_thumb_normal_material_dark = 0x7f0600cc
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/CoordinatorLayout = 0x7f12002c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/abc_shareactionprovider_share_with_application = 0x7f100019
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/windowActionBarOverlay = 0x7f0403db
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/windowActionBar = 0x7f0403da
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_track_thickness_medium = 0x7f07015b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/wavePhase = 0x7f0403d7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_navigation_item_icon_tint = 0x7f0600a1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/spacer = 0x7f090180
org.mentorschools.butterfield:animator/fragment_fade_enter = 0x7f020005
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f1101cd
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/viewTransitionOnPositiveCross = 0x7f0403d0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/material_clockface_view = 0x7f0c0034
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/viewInflaterClass = 0x7f0403cc
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/singleLine = 0x7f04030b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/expandedTitleTextAppearance = 0x7f040161
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/ttcIndex = 0x7f0403c6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip = 0x7f1100d9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/transitionShapeAppearance = 0x7f0403c2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/SHOW_PROGRESS = 0x7f09000b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/chipIconEnabled = 0x7f0400a4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/transitionFlags = 0x7f0403c0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_goneMarginEnd = 0x7f040223
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/disableIntraAutoTransition = 0x7f09009b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/daySelectedStyle = 0x7f04011e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/ScrimInsetsFrameLayout = 0x7f120071
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/transformPivotTarget = 0x7f0403bd
org.mentorschools.butterfield:anim/btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_ring_outer_animation = 0x7f010013
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.Design.AppBarLayout = 0x7f11024f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/trackColor = 0x7f0403b5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/touchRegionId = 0x7f0403b3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:anim/btn_checkbox_to_unchecked_box_inner_merged_animation = 0x7f01000f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_constraintLeft_toLeftOf = 0x7f04020b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/touchAnchorId = 0x7f0403b1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/tooltipStyle = 0x7f0403af
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_constraintStart_toEndOf = 0x7f040210
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/tooltipForegroundColor = 0x7f0403ad
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_text_select_handle_left_mtrl = 0x7f08004d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/toolbarStyle = 0x7f0403ac
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/toolbarId = 0x7f0403aa
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/SearchView = 0x7f120073
org.mentorschools.butterfield:anim/btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_dot_group_animation = 0x7f010012
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_active_text_size = 0x7f070062
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/titleTextColor = 0x7f0403a8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/titleTextAppearance = 0x7f0403a7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_date_range_start_hint = 0x7f10005c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/buttonStyle = 0x7f04007b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/titleMargins = 0x7f0403a6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/checkMarkTintMode = 0x7f040094
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/white = 0x7f0600d4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/fastscroll_minimum_range = 0x7f070092
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/titleMarginStart = 0x7f0403a4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/state_above_anchor = 0x7f040324
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/titleCollapseMode = 0x7f04039f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/forceApplySystemWindowInsetTop = 0x7f040192
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f11009e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/purple_700 = 0x7f0600c0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/tag_state_description = 0x7f0901a0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/tickVisible = 0x7f04039a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/tickMarkTintMode = 0x7f040399
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/tickColor = 0x7f040394
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/itemStrokeColor = 0x7f0401d9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:anim/abc_fade_out = 0x7f010001
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/fontVariationSettings = 0x7f040190
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/thumbTintMode = 0x7f040393
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/thumbStrokeColor = 0x7f04038f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/alertDialogStyle = 0x7f040029
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_control_inset_material = 0x7f070019
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/thumbRadius = 0x7f04038e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/textColorSearchUrl = 0x7f04037a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/Snackbar = 0x7f120077
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/material_filled_edittext_font_2_0_padding_bottom = 0x7f0700b0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/thumbTextPadding = 0x7f040391
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/checkedIconMargin = 0x7f04009a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/thumbElevation = 0x7f04038d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/actionModeStyle = 0x7f04001e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/minSeparation = 0x7f040271
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_calendar_selection_text_baseline_to_top = 0x7f07010c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/waveDecay = 0x7f0403d4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/themeLineHeight = 0x7f04038a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/textureWidth = 0x7f040388
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_constrainedHeight = 0x7f0401f0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/textureBlurFactor = 0x7f040385
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_selected = 0x7f100056
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/textOutlineThickness = 0x7f040381
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.DropDown.ActionBar = 0x7f110247
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/textOutlineColor = 0x7f040380
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/dragClockwise = 0x7f0900a0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_control_background_material = 0x7f080019
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_goneMarginBottom = 0x7f040222
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/minHideDelay = 0x7f040270
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/textInputLayoutFocusedRectEnabled = 0x7f04037d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/mtrl_picker_header_toggle = 0x7f09011f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/abc_activity_chooser_view_see_all = 0x7f100004
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/textFillColor = 0x7f04037c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListView.Menu = 0x7f110238
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/test_navigation_bar_label_padding = 0x7f07019b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/text_input_start_icon = 0x7f0901b2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/values = 0x7f0403ca
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/textEndPadding = 0x7f04037b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/line3 = 0x7f0900ea
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/textColorAlertDialogListItem = 0x7f040379
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/material_timepicker_button_background = 0x7f06007c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.Chip = 0x7f11011d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/black = 0x7f060021
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/thumbStrokeWidth = 0x7f040390
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/textBackgroundZoom = 0x7f040378
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/material_slider_inactive_track_color = 0x7f06007a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AppBarLayout.PrimarySurface = 0x7f11025f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/textBackgroundRotate = 0x7f040377
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/textBackgroundPanY = 0x7f040376
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f1101c5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_btn_corner_radius = 0x7f0700d3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/motionEasingDecelerated = 0x7f040282
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/textAppearanceSubtitle1 = 0x7f040372
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu = 0x7f040371
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle = 0x7f04036f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/hintTextColor = 0x7f0401a7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/textAppearanceListItem = 0x7f04036a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_text_size_caption_material = 0x7f070042
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar.Horizontal = 0x7f11023d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/abc_searchview_description_search = 0x7f100015
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/clockNumberTextColor = 0x7f0400bf
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/textAppearanceHeadline5 = 0x7f040366
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/upDuration = 0x7f0403c7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/textAppearanceHeadline3 = 0x7f040364
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/bright_foreground_material_light = 0x7f060027
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/editTextStyle = 0x7f040142
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/auto = 0x7f090054
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/abc_list_menu_item_checkbox = 0x7f0c000e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:integer/abc_config_activityDefaultDur = 0x7f0a0000
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/mtrl_picker_date_header_selected = 0x7f10004a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.CompactMenu = 0x7f110057
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/textAppearanceCaption = 0x7f040361
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/minTouchTargetSize = 0x7f040272
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_text_select_handle_right_mtrl = 0x7f08004f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_fab_ripple_color = 0x7f060097
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/actions = 0x7f090045
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_list_focused_holo = 0x7f08002d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/textAppearanceBody2 = 0x7f04035f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/constraints = 0x7f0400eb
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/material_minute_text_input = 0x7f0900fa
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_stroke_width_default = 0x7f070176
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/textAppearanceBody1 = 0x7f04035e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.Design.Suffix = 0x7f11016f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/textAppearanceListItemSmall = 0x7f04036c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/textAllCaps = 0x7f04035d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f110205
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/titleMarginEnd = 0x7f0403a3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/telltales_velocityMode = 0x7f04035c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/text_input_error_icon = 0x7f0901b1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/chronometer = 0x7f090074
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/nestedScrollViewStyle = 0x7f04029f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/colorBackgroundFloating = 0x7f0400d0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/tabTextAppearance = 0x7f040356
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle.Inverse = 0x7f110031
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_choice_chip_background_color = 0x7f060091
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/onPositiveCross = 0x7f0402a6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/mtrl_calendar_selection_frame = 0x7f090114
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f1100dd
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_calendar_navigation_height = 0x7f070106
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/cardview_default_radius = 0x7f070055
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/dividerVertical = 0x7f04012e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/tag_accessibility_heading = 0x7f09019a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/accessibility_custom_action_5 = 0x7f09002c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_disabled_elevation = 0x7f070123
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/textAppearanceHeadline6 = 0x7f040367
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingEnd = 0x7f040240
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/tabPaddingStart = 0x7f040351
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/navigationIconTint = 0x7f04029a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/tabPaddingEnd = 0x7f040350
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/closeIconEndPadding = 0x7f0400c2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/select_dialog_singlechoice_material = 0x7f0c0062
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/tabPaddingBottom = 0x7f04034f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/rightToLeft = 0x7f090155
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/motionEffect_start = 0x7f040289
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/tabInlineLabel = 0x7f04034a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/contentScrim = 0x7f0400fb
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/actionBarTabStyle = 0x7f040009
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_anchor = 0x7f0401eb
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/tabIndicatorColor = 0x7f040346
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/tabIndicator = 0x7f040343
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/fabCustomSize = 0x7f04016a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/design_fab_size_mini = 0x7f070072
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_optimizationLevel = 0x7f04022b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:anim/btn_checkbox_to_unchecked_icon_null_animation = 0x7f010011
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/contentPaddingRight = 0x7f0400f8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/material_grey_100 = 0x7f060065
org.mentorschools.butterfield:interpolator/btn_checkbox_checked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0 = 0x7f0b0000
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/tabIndicatorGravity = 0x7f040348
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/haloColor = 0x7f040198
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Body1 = 0x7f110172
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/deltaPolarAngle = 0x7f040124
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/switchTextAppearance = 0x7f04033d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f1101ac
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/abc_search_url_text = 0x7f06000d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f11006f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/flip = 0x7f0900bc
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/material_clock_hand_stroke_width = 0x7f0700a2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/singleSelection = 0x7f04030c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/forever = 0x7f0900be
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/actionModeTheme = 0x7f04001f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/teal_200 = 0x7f0600ce
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_choice_chip_ripple_color = 0x7f060092
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/Spinner = 0x7f120079
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/suffixTextColor = 0x7f040338
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_action_button_min_height_material = 0x7f07000d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/subtitleTextStyle = 0x7f040335
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f1101b3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/subtitleCentered = 0x7f040332
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/submitBackground = 0x7f040330
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/editTextColor = 0x7f040141
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/highlighted_text_material_dark = 0x7f06005d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/strokeWidth = 0x7f04032e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/strokeColor = 0x7f04032d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/primary_text_default_material_dark = 0x7f0600ba
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/showText = 0x7f040307
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/materialThemeOverlay = 0x7f04025f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_015 = 0x7f080013
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/design_default_color_secondary_variant = 0x7f060049
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/statusBarScrim = 0x7f04032c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_navigation_bar_item_default_margin = 0x7f070141
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/statusBarBackground = 0x7f04032a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/state_liftable = 0x7f040328
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/material_on_background_disabled = 0x7f06006c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/dragUp = 0x7f0900a6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/arcMode = 0x7f040034
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_elevation = 0x7f070125
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/accessibility_custom_action_24 = 0x7f090022
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/BOTTOM_START = 0x7f090002
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/alertDialogCenterButtons = 0x7f040028
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/design_navigation_elevation = 0x7f070076
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Headline = 0x7f11001c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/test_navigation_bar_item_min_width = 0x7f07019a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/material_slider_inactive_tick_marks_color = 0x7f060079
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_list_longpressed_holo = 0x7f08002e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/startIconTint = 0x7f040322
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/startIconCheckable = 0x7f04031f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/PopupWindowBackgroundState = 0x7f12006b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/material_value_index = 0x7f090103
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f110199
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/chipStyle = 0x7f0400b1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/springStopThreshold = 0x7f04031b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/left = 0x7f0900e6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/springStiffness = 0x7f04031a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_low_ripple_hovered_alpha = 0x7f07013d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar = 0x7f1101f8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_list_item_padding_horizontal_material = 0x7f070033
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Text = 0x7f11010d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_constraintVertical_chainStyle = 0x7f040217
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f110065
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/background_material_light = 0x7f060020
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/spanCount = 0x7f040312
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f1101d9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Button = 0x7f110174
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/motionEffect_translationY = 0x7f04028c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/hint_pressed_alpha_material_light = 0x7f070099
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/minHeight = 0x7f04026f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/sliderStyle = 0x7f04030e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/singleChoiceItemLayout = 0x7f04030a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu = 0x7f110230
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/motion_triggerOnCollision = 0x7f040295
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/showTitle = 0x7f040308
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/showMotionSpec = 0x7f040305
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/showAsAction = 0x7f040302
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/shortcutMatchRequired = 0x7f040300
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/shapeAppearanceSmallComponent = 0x7f0402ff
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/shapeAppearanceOverlay = 0x7f0402fe
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f110229
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/shapeAppearanceMediumComponent = 0x7f0402fd
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_right = 0x7f0700e1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/setsTag = 0x7f0402fa
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/selectorSize = 0x7f0402f9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/selectionRequired = 0x7f0402f8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/textSpacerNoTitle = 0x7f0901ad
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/NO_DEBUG = 0x7f090006
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/flow_horizontalGap = 0x7f040179
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/design_navigation_item_icon_padding = 0x7f07007a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_text_size_large_material = 0x7f070048
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/selectableItemBackgroundBorderless = 0x7f0402f7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f110064
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/borderRound = 0x7f04005e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_height_fullscreen = 0x7f0700fc
org.mentorschools.butterfield:animator/fragment_close_enter = 0x7f020003
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/useMaterialThemeColors = 0x7f0403c9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/outline = 0x7f09013c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/scrimVisibleHeightTrigger = 0x7f0402f1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_on_surface_ripple_color = 0x7f0600a4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_menu_hardkey_panel_mtrl_mult = 0x7f080037
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/customFloatValue = 0x7f040117
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/prefixTextColor = 0x7f0402cf
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/chipIconTint = 0x7f0400a6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/rotationCenterId = 0x7f0402ea
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_tab_indicator_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f08004b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/reverseLayout = 0x7f0402e8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display2 = 0x7f110019
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ImageButton = 0x7f1100b6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:animator/fragment_open_enter = 0x7f020007
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/container = 0x7f09007e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/preserveIconSpacing = 0x7f0402d0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/region_heightMoreThan = 0x7f0402e5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/scroll = 0x7f09015f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/abc_hint_foreground_material_dark = 0x7f060007
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/abc_search_url_text_normal = 0x7f06000e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_height = 0x7f0700f1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/bottomAppBarStyle = 0x7f040062
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/ratingBarStyleSmall = 0x7f0402de
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/ratingBarStyle = 0x7f0402dc
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable = 0x7f040158
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/autoSizeMinTextSize = 0x7f04003b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/suggestionRowLayout = 0x7f040339
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/radioButtonStyle = 0x7f0402da
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu = 0x7f1100c4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/homeAsUpIndicator = 0x7f0401a8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/mtrl_calendar_days_of_week = 0x7f090110
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_selection_line_height = 0x7f0700fd
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/tabGravity = 0x7f040340
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/design_tab_scrollable_min_width = 0x7f07008a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display = 0x7f110200
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/quantizeMotionPhase = 0x7f0402d5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/fabAnimationMode = 0x7f040166
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/search_plate = 0x7f09016b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/motionDurationLong1 = 0x7f04027b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_scrollInterpolator = 0x7f04022d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/progressBarPadding = 0x7f0402d2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/tickColorActive = 0x7f040395
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/cardUseCompatPadding = 0x7f040085
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/customNavigationLayout = 0x7f040119
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fabOffsetEndMode = 0x7f0700cd
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/fontProviderQuery = 0x7f04018d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f11006e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/character_counter_overflowed_content_description = 0x7f100021
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_end = 0x7f0700c1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_textfield_search_activated_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080052
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar.Discrete = 0x7f110244
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/polarRelativeTo = 0x7f0402c8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/subtitleTextColor = 0x7f040334
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f11018f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/actionTextColorAlpha = 0x7f040024
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/itemFillColor = 0x7f0401c8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:anim/btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_ring_outer_path_animation = 0x7f010017
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/placeholderTextColor = 0x7f0402c6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Bridge = 0x7f110079
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_goneMarginTop = 0x7f040227
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/material_grey_600 = 0x7f060068
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/warmth = 0x7f0403d3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.Design.BottomNavigationView = 0x7f110250
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/placeholderTextAppearance = 0x7f0402c5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/chipStartPadding = 0x7f0400ae
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay = 0x7f110117
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabBar.Inverse = 0x7f110222
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.FixedSize.Bridge = 0x7f1101bb
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_card_corner_radius = 0x7f070117
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/editTextBackground = 0x7f040140
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/labelStyle = 0x7f0401e4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/path_percent = 0x7f0402bd
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/withText = 0x7f0901d7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/design_snackbar_action_text_color_alpha = 0x7f07007f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/passwordToggleContentDescription = 0x7f0402b7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Title.Inverse = 0x7f110156
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/btn_checkbox_checked_to_unchecked_mtrl_animation = 0x7f080059
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/design_dark_default_color_surface = 0x7f06003d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/paddingTopSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f0402b3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/TextInputEditText = 0x7f120084
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_btn_default_mtrl_shape = 0x7f08000f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large = 0x7f11001e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/paddingTopNoTitle = 0x7f0402b2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/srcCompat = 0x7f04031c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/paddingLeftSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f0402af
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_constraintBottom_creator = 0x7f0401f6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_button_inset_horizontal_material = 0x7f070012
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/defaultQueryHint = 0x7f040122
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/nestedScrollable = 0x7f0402a0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/carousel_infinite = 0x7f04008b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/imageView = 0x7f0900d6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/foreground_material_dark = 0x7f06005b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/ignore = 0x7f0900d3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/nestedScrollFlags = 0x7f04029e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/navigationContentDescription = 0x7f040298
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/backgroundColor = 0x7f040041
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/action_divider = 0x7f09003d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_card_spacing = 0x7f07011a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/moveWhenScrollAtTop = 0x7f040296
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_end_padding_icon = 0x7f070127
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/contentPaddingStart = 0x7f0400f9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_calendar_title_baseline_to_top_fullscreen = 0x7f07010f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/center = 0x7f090068
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/motionTarget = 0x7f040293
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/onTouchUp = 0x7f0402a9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:anim/abc_tooltip_exit = 0x7f01000b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/abc_menu_meta_shortcut_label = 0x7f10000d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/actionBarSize = 0x7f040005
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/behavior_hideable = 0x7f040058
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/boxCornerRadiusTopEnd = 0x7f04006b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_edit_text_inset_bottom_material = 0x7f07002c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/motionEffect_alpha = 0x7f040286
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/design_snackbar_background_corner_radius = 0x7f070080
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day.Today = 0x7f110293
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/search_close_btn = 0x7f090167
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/east = 0x7f0900ab
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/perpendicularPath_percent = 0x7f0402c2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/paddingRightSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f0402b0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_constraintRight_toRightOf = 0x7f04020f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/motionEasingStandard = 0x7f040285
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/motionEasingEmphasized = 0x7f040283
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.ExtendedFloatingActionButton = 0x7f11011e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/contentPaddingLeft = 0x7f0400f7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/motionDurationMedium2 = 0x7f04027e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle.Inverse = 0x7f110150
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_dialog_material_background = 0x7f08001a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/height = 0x7f04019b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/tickMarkTint = 0x7f040398
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/backgroundInsetBottom = 0x7f040042
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/actionModeCutDrawable = 0x7f040017
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/design_dark_default_color_background = 0x7f060031
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/drawPath = 0x7f040132
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f1102bf
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_constraintHeight = 0x7f040202
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/motionDurationMedium1 = 0x7f04027d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/textPanY = 0x7f040383
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/motionDurationLong2 = 0x7f04027c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/parent_matrix = 0x7f090144
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/avd_show_password = 0x7f080057
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/triangle = 0x7f0901c8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/startIconContentDescription = 0x7f040320
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/alertDialogButtonGroupStyle = 0x7f040027
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/mtrl_ic_cancel = 0x7f08007b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/mock_showDiagonals = 0x7f040278
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/ViewPager2 = 0x7f12008e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/title_template = 0x7f0901bc
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_badge_text_horizontal_edge_offset = 0x7f0700c8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/ic_mtrl_chip_checked_black = 0x7f08006a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/action_bar_spinner = 0x7f090038
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/notification_large_icon_height = 0x7f070187
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/motionStagger = 0x7f040292
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/mock_labelBackgroundColor = 0x7f040276
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day = 0x7f110120
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/abc_search_url_text_pressed = 0x7f06000f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/contentInsetLeft = 0x7f0400f0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/paddingEnd = 0x7f0402ae
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/mock_label = 0x7f040275
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.Spinner.DropDown.ActionBar = 0x7f110233
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f110140
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Platform.MaterialComponents = 0x7f1100f4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/minWidth = 0x7f040273
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/actionOverflowButtonStyle = 0x7f040021
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TestStyleWithLineHeightAppearance = 0x7f11012c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/menu = 0x7f04026c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/textSpacerNoButtons = 0x7f0901ac
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/bright_foreground_inverse_material_dark = 0x7f060024
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/maxVelocity = 0x7f040269
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/snap = 0x7f09017d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/maxActionInlineWidth = 0x7f040263
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/maxAcceleration = 0x7f040262
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/materialTimePickerTheme = 0x7f040261
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/panelMenuListWidth = 0x7f0402b6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/top = 0x7f0901be
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/spline = 0x7f090182
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/peaches = 0x7f08008e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_toggle_margin_top = 0x7f070100
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/AnimatedStateListDrawableItem = 0x7f120008
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead.Inverse = 0x7f11014a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:anim/btn_checkbox_to_checked_icon_null_animation = 0x7f01000e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/materialCardViewStyle = 0x7f04025c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/actionModeSelectAllDrawable = 0x7f04001b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/materialCalendarYearNavigationButton = 0x7f04025b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/materialCalendarTheme = 0x7f04025a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/subtitleTextAppearance = 0x7f040333
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/materialCalendarHeaderToggleButton = 0x7f040256
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/popupTheme = 0x7f0402cb
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.NoActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f1101d2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.Title = 0x7f110108
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/maxButtonHeight = 0x7f040264
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/listPreferredItemHeightSmall = 0x7f04023f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/tabIconTintMode = 0x7f040342
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/motionPath = 0x7f04028f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:animator/mtrl_fab_transformation_sheet_expand_spec = 0x7f020019
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/behavior_saveFlags = 0x7f04005b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/design_fab_size_normal = 0x7f070073
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/notification_big_circle_margin = 0x7f070185
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/enforceTextAppearance = 0x7f04014f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/hideMotionSpec = 0x7f0401a1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/linear = 0x7f0900eb
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/materialCalendarHeaderConfirmButton = 0x7f040251
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_textfield_activated_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080050
org.mentorschools.butterfield:animator/linear_indeterminate_line1_head_interpolator = 0x7f020009
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/materialCalendarFullscreenTheme = 0x7f04024f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/test_navigation_bar_elevation = 0x7f070196
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/labelVisibilityMode = 0x7f0401e5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:anim/abc_tooltip_enter = 0x7f01000a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/materialCalendarDay = 0x7f04024e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/fade = 0x7f0900b5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/design_default_color_on_background = 0x7f060040
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f1101bc
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/shapeAppearanceLargeComponent = 0x7f0402fc
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/barrierAllowsGoneWidgets = 0x7f04004f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/materialButtonOutlinedStyle = 0x7f04024b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/accessibility_custom_action_29 = 0x7f090027
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_seekbar_track_progress_height_material = 0x7f070039
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/materialAlertDialogTheme = 0x7f040247
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.Compat.NotificationActionText = 0x7f11024e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Animation.AppCompat.DropDownUp = 0x7f11000b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/chains = 0x7f09006c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/materialAlertDialogBodyTextStyle = 0x7f040246
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/pin = 0x7f09014a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/actionModeCloseButtonStyle = 0x7f040013
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/flow_horizontalAlign = 0x7f040177
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingLeft = 0x7f040241
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/endIconDrawable = 0x7f04014a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/fabSize = 0x7f04016b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/textAppearanceHeadline1 = 0x7f040362
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/listPopupWindowStyle = 0x7f04023c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f11005e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/listMenuViewStyle = 0x7f04023b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.PopupWindow = 0x7f1100c6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/transition_position = 0x7f0901c5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/listLayout = 0x7f04023a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_width = 0x7f070114
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/always = 0x7f09004c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/bottomNavigationStyle = 0x7f040063
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/colorPrimarySurface = 0x7f0400de
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/cardBackgroundColor = 0x7f04007f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.CompactMenu = 0x7f1101a5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/ensureMinTouchTargetSize = 0x7f040150
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_goneMarginRight = 0x7f040225
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/listItemLayout = 0x7f040239
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_search_view_preferred_width = 0x7f070037
org.mentorschools.butterfield:anim/abc_grow_fade_in_from_bottom = 0x7f010002
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/linearProgressIndicatorStyle = 0x7f040234
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/materialCalendarStyle = 0x7f040259
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/textureHeight = 0x7f040387
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/AnimatedStateListDrawableTransition = 0x7f120009
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/lineSpacing = 0x7f040233
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/boxBackgroundMode = 0x7f040067
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/dependency_ordering = 0x7f090090
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_light = 0x7f06000a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_text_size_button_material = 0x7f070041
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/liftOnScrollTargetViewId = 0x7f040230
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/abc_search_url_text_selected = 0x7f060010
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/abc_action_bar_up_container = 0x7f0c0001
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/itemTextAppearanceActive = 0x7f0401dc
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_wrapBehaviorInParent = 0x7f04022e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/notification_template_icon_group = 0x7f0c005d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_high_ripple_pressed_alpha = 0x7f070139
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_calendar_dialog_background_inset = 0x7f0700f7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/material_font_1_3_box_collapsed_padding_top = 0x7f0700b2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/design_navigation_menu_item = 0x7f0c002b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_goneMarginStart = 0x7f040226
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_disabled_translation_z = 0x7f070124
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/popupMenuStyle = 0x7f0402ca
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f1102c1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f110231
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/titleCentered = 0x7f04039e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/floatingActionButtonStyle = 0x7f040172
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox = 0x7f1102c0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_constraintWidth_percent = 0x7f04021d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/maxCharacterCount = 0x7f040265
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/titleMarginTop = 0x7f0403a5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:anim/mtrl_bottom_sheet_slide_out = 0x7f01001e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/borderlessButtonStyle = 0x7f040061
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/yearStyle = 0x7f0403e5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_constraintWidth_min = 0x7f04021c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/checkedIconTint = 0x7f04009c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/highlight_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f070094
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AppBarLayout.Surface = 0x7f110260
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/transition_scene_layoutid_cache = 0x7f0901c6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/mtrl_picker_header_title_text = 0x7f0c0055
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_text_size = 0x7f07006b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_constraintWidth = 0x7f040219
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/circle_center = 0x7f090075
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/goIcon = 0x7f040197
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/fill = 0x7f0900b6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/notification_template_icon_low_bg = 0x7f08008b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f11018e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/closeIconSize = 0x7f0400c3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/rectangles = 0x7f090152
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/cornerFamily = 0x7f0400ff
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Surface = 0x7f1101e0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/abc_search_view = 0x7f0c0019
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f110206
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_constraintHorizontal_weight = 0x7f040209
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/contentInsetStart = 0x7f0400f2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_behavior = 0x7f0401ed
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/behavior_overlapTop = 0x7f040059
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_constraintHorizontal_chainStyle = 0x7f040208
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/material_on_background_emphasis_medium = 0x7f06006e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f1101ec
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_list_pressed_holo_dark = 0x7f08002f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/fontProviderCerts = 0x7f040189
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f110074
org.mentorschools.butterfield:anim/abc_slide_in_top = 0x7f010007
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f110063
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_floating_window_z = 0x7f07002f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.Support.CoordinatorLayout = 0x7f1102d1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/action_bar_subtitle = 0x7f090039
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_constraintGuide_begin = 0x7f0401ff
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/trackThickness = 0x7f0403ba
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/menuGravity = 0x7f04026d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/compat_button_inset_vertical_material = 0x7f070058
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/listDividerAlertDialog = 0x7f040238
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/drawableStartCompat = 0x7f040138
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_constraintEnd_toStartOf = 0x7f0401fe
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f1101b7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/mtrl_calendar_days_of_week = 0x7f0c0044
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/subtitle = 0x7f040331
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/backgroundInsetEnd = 0x7f040043
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.PrimarySurface = 0x7f1102ce
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_constraintEnd_toEndOf = 0x7f0401fd
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/staticLayout = 0x7f090190
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/design_snackbar_min_width = 0x7f070084
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_ic_menu_copy_mtrl_am_alpha = 0x7f080021
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/pressedTranslationZ = 0x7f0402d1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/tabMode = 0x7f04034d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_translation_z_pressed = 0x7f070131
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/actionButtonStyle = 0x7f04000d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/switch_thumb_normal_material_light = 0x7f0600cd
org.mentorschools.butterfield:anim/abc_popup_exit = 0x7f010004
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/circularflow_viewCenter = 0x7f0400b9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/showAnimationBehavior = 0x7f040301
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/textAppearanceSearchResultTitle = 0x7f040370
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.Snackbar = 0x7f1100e0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Title = 0x7f110027
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/overlapAnchor = 0x7f0402aa
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/material_textinput_min_width = 0x7f0700bc
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/boxCornerRadiusTopStart = 0x7f04006c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_constraintBaseline_toTopOf = 0x7f0401f5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_constraintBaseline_toBottomOf = 0x7f0401f4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/isMaterialTheme = 0x7f0401c6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_constraintTop_toTopOf = 0x7f040215
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_constraintRight_toLeftOf = 0x7f04020e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_month_abbr = 0x7f10005e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:interpolator/btn_checkbox_checked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_1 = 0x7f0b0001
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/methodName = 0x7f04026e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layoutDescription = 0x7f0401e8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout = 0x7f0401e7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_goneMarginBaseline = 0x7f040221
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/material_clock_period_toggle_height = 0x7f0700a4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/badgeStyle = 0x7f04004c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/tabIndicatorAnimationDuration = 0x7f040344
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/searchHintIcon = 0x7f0402f2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/contentDescription = 0x7f0400ed
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_btn_dialog_btn_min_width = 0x7f0700d4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:array/prices = 0x7f030002
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/materialCalendarMonth = 0x7f040257
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/cornerSize = 0x7f040105
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/unlabeled = 0x7f0901cb
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/textinput_error = 0x7f0901b4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/keyPositionType = 0x7f0401df
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f11004c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_tabs_legacy_text_color_selector = 0x7f0600ac
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/barrierDirection = 0x7f040050
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/mtrl_picker_text_input_range_start = 0x7f090122
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/itemTextAppearanceInactive = 0x7f0401dd
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/home = 0x7f0900cc
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline1 = 0x7f110177
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/design_default_color_primary = 0x7f060045
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f1101e3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/itemShapeInsetStart = 0x7f0401d6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/material_minute_selection = 0x7f100031
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/include = 0x7f120091
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/search_go_btn = 0x7f090169
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_inset_extra_small = 0x7f070152
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/drawableTint = 0x7f040139
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/itemIconSize = 0x7f0401cc
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/motionEffect_translationX = 0x7f04028b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_chip_close_icon_tint = 0x7f06008e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/itemIconPadding = 0x7f0401cb
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/customStringValue = 0x7f04011c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/itemHorizontalPadding = 0x7f0401c9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/sizePercent = 0x7f04030d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/circleRadius = 0x7f0400b3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1101c1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/errorIconDrawable = 0x7f040153
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/isLightTheme = 0x7f0401c5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.V26.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f11008f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/ratingBarStyleIndicator = 0x7f0402dd
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_keyline = 0x7f040229
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/indicatorInset = 0x7f0401c1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/notification_template_custom_big = 0x7f0c005c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/test_radiobutton_android_button_tint = 0x7f0901a7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/material_cursor_inset_bottom = 0x7f0700a8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/material_slider_active_track_color = 0x7f060077
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/indicatorDirectionLinear = 0x7f0401c0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/dropdown_menu = 0x7f0900a7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/Tooltip = 0x7f120088
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.Tooltip = 0x7f110116
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/motionEasingLinear = 0x7f040284
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_btn_elevation = 0x7f0700d7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title = 0x7f110151
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/dim_foreground_material_light = 0x7f060058
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_btn_icon_btn_padding_left = 0x7f0700da
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/indeterminateAnimationType = 0x7f0401bc
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/imageZoom = 0x7f0401bb
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/state_collapsed = 0x7f040325
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/abc_select_dialog_material = 0x7f0c001a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/imageRotate = 0x7f0401ba
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/month_navigation_fragment_toggle = 0x7f090109
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/abc_menu_sym_shortcut_label = 0x7f100010
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/itemStrokeWidth = 0x7f0401da
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/bright_foreground_material_dark = 0x7f060026
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/iconifiedByDefault = 0x7f0401b4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/content = 0x7f0400ec
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/month_grid = 0x7f090107
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_constraintVertical_weight = 0x7f040218
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/accessibility_custom_action_16 = 0x7f090019
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/transitionDisable = 0x7f0403be
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/colorAccent = 0x7f0400cf
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/iconPadding = 0x7f0401af
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/iconGravity = 0x7f0401ae
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/buttonPanelSideLayout = 0x7f04007a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/material_motion_easing_standard = 0x7f100037
org.mentorschools.butterfield:anim/btn_checkbox_to_unchecked_check_path_merged_animation = 0x7f010010
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/homeLayout = 0x7f0401a9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/src_in = 0x7f090189
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/colorSecondaryVariant = 0x7f0400e1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/haloRadius = 0x7f040199
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TabLayout = 0x7f1102b5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/hintEnabled = 0x7f0401a5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar = 0x7f1100c7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_state_list_animator = 0x7f020015
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/material_clock_hand = 0x7f0900f3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/startIconDrawable = 0x7f040321
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/select_dialog_listview = 0x7f09016e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/hideOnScroll = 0x7f0401a3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/notification_icon_bg_color = 0x7f0600b5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Test.Theme.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar = 0x7f110127
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/helperTextTextAppearance = 0x7f04019e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/helperText = 0x7f04019c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/materialCalendarMonthNavigationButton = 0x7f040258
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/headerLayout = 0x7f04019a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/scrollIndicatorUp = 0x7f090161
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f110084
org.mentorschools.butterfield:xml/standalone_badge_gravity_top_start = 0x7f130003
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark.ActionBar = 0x7f11006b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/chipMinHeight = 0x7f0400a8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/notification_template_part_time = 0x7f0c005f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/ColorStateListItem = 0x7f120024
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/startToEnd = 0x7f09018e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/decor_content_parent = 0x7f09008d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/triggerId = 0x7f0403c3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Title = 0x7f110155
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/dragAnticlockwise = 0x7f09009f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/gapBetweenBars = 0x7f040195
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/customBoolean = 0x7f040113
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/fontWeight = 0x7f040191
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_switch_thumb_elevation = 0x7f070172
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/counterTextColor = 0x7f04010f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:animator/mtrl_fab_transformation_sheet_collapse_spec = 0x7f020018
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/behavior_peekHeight = 0x7f04005a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:anim/btn_checkbox_to_checked_box_inner_merged_animation = 0x7f01000c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/date_picker_actions = 0x7f09008a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/font = 0x7f040186
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/materialButtonStyle = 0x7f04024c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/transitionPathRotate = 0x7f0403c1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:anim/abc_fade_in = 0x7f010000
org.mentorschools.butterfield:integer/mtrl_btn_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0a0012
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/design_bottom_sheet_peek_height_min = 0x7f07006e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/flow_wrapMode = 0x7f040185
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/stackFromEnd = 0x7f04031d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Inverse = 0x7f110039
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00012 = 0x7f080015
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/flow_verticalAlign = 0x7f040181
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/circularflow_defaultRadius = 0x7f0400b7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_calendar_selection_baseline_to_top_fullscreen = 0x7f070109
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_dialog_list_padding_top_no_title = 0x7f070021
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/drawableSize = 0x7f040137
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/motionInterpolator = 0x7f04028e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/flow_lastVerticalBias = 0x7f04017d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/flow_lastHorizontalStyle = 0x7f04017c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/checkboxStyle = 0x7f040095
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/motionDebug = 0x7f04027a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/queryBackground = 0x7f0402d7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/material_deep_teal_200 = 0x7f060063
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/ViewBackgroundHelper = 0x7f12008d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/androidx_core_secondary_text_default_material_light = 0x7f06001c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Toolbar = 0x7f1102cc
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/actionModeFindDrawable = 0x7f040018
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/textAppearanceLargePopupMenu = 0x7f040368
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.MinWidth.Bridge = 0x7f1101cc
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/actionBarStyle = 0x7f040007
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents = 0x7f110111
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/fastScrollVerticalTrackDrawable = 0x7f040170
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/maxWidth = 0x7f04026a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/material_timepicker = 0x7f0c0039
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/activity_chooser_view_content = 0x7f090046
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/alertDialogTheme = 0x7f04002a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/fabCradleVerticalOffset = 0x7f040169
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/ConstraintLayout_placeholder = 0x7f120029
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused = 0x7f070130
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/titleMarginBottom = 0x7f0403a2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/fabCradleRoundedCornerRadius = 0x7f040168
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/fabCradleMargin = 0x7f040167
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult = 0x7f110025
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/fabAlignmentMode = 0x7f040165
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Subtitle1 = 0x7f11017e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/extraMultilineHeightEnabled = 0x7f040164
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_marginBaseline = 0x7f04022a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/checkedIconSize = 0x7f04009b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_spinner_textfield_background_material = 0x7f080045
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/actionBarTheme = 0x7f04000b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/onHide = 0x7f0402a4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/month_navigation_next = 0x7f09010a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/expandedTitleMarginBottom = 0x7f04015d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/progress_circular = 0x7f09014e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_height = 0x7f070010
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/CollapsingToolbarLayout_Layout = 0x7f120023
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/behavior_autoHide = 0x7f040052
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/animationMode = 0x7f040031
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_constraintTag = 0x7f040212
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/notification_bg_normal_pressed = 0x7f080088
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/notification_bg_low = 0x7f080084
org.mentorschools.butterfield:animator/mtrl_btn_unelevated_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/expandedTitleGravity = 0x7f04015b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/mtrl_picker_toggle_to_day_selection = 0x7f100061
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/design_password_eye = 0x7f080063
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/autoTransition = 0x7f04003f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.Design.Counter = 0x7f110167
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_select_dialog_padding_start_material = 0x7f07003a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/fontStyle = 0x7f04018f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/expandedHintEnabled = 0x7f04015a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/test_radiobutton_app_button_tint = 0x7f0901a8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/errorTextColor = 0x7f040157
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/popupWindowStyle = 0x7f0402cc
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/collapseContentDescription = 0x7f0400c8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/hintTextAppearance = 0x7f0401a6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/viewTransitionOnNegativeCross = 0x7f0403cf
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/mtrl_calendar_month_navigation = 0x7f0c0048
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/graph_wrap = 0x7f0900c5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/errorIconTint = 0x7f040154
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/defaultDuration = 0x7f040121
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_textfield_search_material = 0x7f080054
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/collapsedTitleGravity = 0x7f0400cb
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/elevationOverlayEnabled = 0x7f040145
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_inset = 0x7f070151
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/material_grey_300 = 0x7f060066
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/easeOut = 0x7f0900aa
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/design_snackbar_text_size = 0x7f070088
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/scrimAnimationDuration = 0x7f0402ef
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_message_margin_horizontal = 0x7f070170
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/endIconTintMode = 0x7f04014d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/reverseSawtooth = 0x7f090153
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.InternalGroup = 0x7f110104
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/ALT = 0x7f090000
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/endIconMode = 0x7f04014b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/customIntegerValue = 0x7f040118
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/errorTextAppearance = 0x7f040156
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.DialogWindowTitleBackground.AppCompat = 0x7f11000f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/abc_searchview_description_submit = 0x7f100016
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/SharedValue = 0x7f040000
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/elevationOverlayColor = 0x7f040144
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderSelection.Fullscreen = 0x7f11029b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/tag_on_receive_content_listener = 0x7f09019d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/bounceStart = 0x7f090062
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/PropertySet = 0x7f12006c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_btn_max_width = 0x7f0700de
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/accessibility_custom_action_23 = 0x7f090021
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/x_right = 0x7f0901dd
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/carousel_emptyViewsBehavior = 0x7f040088
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/item4 = 0x7f0900e0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_toggle_margin_bottom = 0x7f0700ff
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/SYM = 0x7f09000c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/backgroundInsetTop = 0x7f040045
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/tabMinWidth = 0x7f04034c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/contentInsetStartWithNavigation = 0x7f0400f3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight = 0x7f1101a6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/constraint_referenced_ids = 0x7f0400e9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_collapseMode = 0x7f0401ee
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f110225
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_action_bar_icon_vertical_padding_material = 0x7f070006
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/flow_lastHorizontalBias = 0x7f04017b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_icon_size = 0x7f070145
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f1101af
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/drawableRightCompat = 0x7f040136
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/drawableLeftCompat = 0x7f040135
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_year_abbr = 0x7f10005f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/appBarLayoutStyle = 0x7f040032
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/indicatorDirectionCircular = 0x7f0401bf
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f110287
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/search_src_text = 0x7f09016c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/dialogTheme = 0x7f040129
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_background_overlay_color_alpha = 0x7f07016e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/floating = 0x7f0900bd
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/deriveConstraintsFrom = 0x7f040126
org.mentorschools.butterfield:animator/design_fab_show_motion_spec = 0x7f020002
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/iconTint = 0x7f0401b2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.DarkActionBar = 0x7f110188
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/ExtendedFloatingActionButton_Behavior_Layout = 0x7f120031
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/design_dark_default_color_on_surface = 0x7f060037
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/honorRequest = 0x7f0900ce
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/liftOnScroll = 0x7f04022f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/circularflow_angles = 0x7f0400b5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/cos = 0x7f090084
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/lastBaselineToBottomHeight = 0x7f0401e6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/customPixelDimension = 0x7f04011a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_fab_elevation = 0x7f070132
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/brightness = 0x7f040071
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/tooltipFrameBackground = 0x7f0403ae
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/tintMode = 0x7f04039c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:interpolator/btn_checkbox_unchecked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_1 = 0x7f0b0003
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/materialCalendarHeaderLayout = 0x7f040253
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/springMass = 0x7f040319
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/counterOverflowTextAppearance = 0x7f04010c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/tag_on_receive_content_mime_types = 0x7f09019e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_badge_text_size = 0x7f0700c9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.AlertDialog.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f110009
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/material_minute_tv = 0x7f0900fb
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/alpha = 0x7f04002c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/flow_verticalStyle = 0x7f040184
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/currentState = 0x7f040111
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/buttonIconDimen = 0x7f040079
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/contentInsetEnd = 0x7f0400ee
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/counterEnabled = 0x7f04010a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/cardElevation = 0x7f040081
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/cornerSizeTopRight = 0x7f040109
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_editor_absoluteX = 0x7f04021f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/elevation = 0x7f040143
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/ActionMode = 0x7f120004
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/colorSurface = 0x7f0400e2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/bottomSheetDialogTheme = 0x7f040064
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/cornerSizeBottomLeft = 0x7f040106
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/cornerFamilyTopRight = 0x7f040103
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/material_grey_850 = 0x7f06006a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/cornerFamilyTopLeft = 0x7f040102
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_divider_thickness = 0x7f0700fa
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/material_ic_edit_black_24dp = 0x7f080070
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/buttonGravity = 0x7f040078
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/cornerFamilyBottomRight = 0x7f040101
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/Variant = 0x7f12008b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/drawerArrowStyle = 0x7f04013c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_change_size_expand_motion_spec = 0x7f020012
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_ic_clear_material = 0x7f08001e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/trackTintMode = 0x7f0403bc
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.Design.TabLayout = 0x7f110257
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/prefixText = 0x7f0402cd
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/controlBackground = 0x7f0400fd
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/MaterialRadioButton = 0x7f120054
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/dialogCornerRadius = 0x7f040127
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/helperTextTextColor = 0x7f04019f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layoutDuringTransition = 0x7f0401e9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/coordinatorLayoutStyle = 0x7f0400fe
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/actionMenuTextAppearance = 0x7f040010
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/barrierMargin = 0x7f040051
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/autoCompleteMode = 0x7f040038
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/actionBarSplitStyle = 0x7f040006
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/panelBackground = 0x7f0402b4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:integer/material_motion_duration_short_1 = 0x7f0a000d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/recyclerViewStyle = 0x7f0402e3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/constraintSet = 0x7f0400e6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/actionOverflowMenuStyle = 0x7f040022
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/horizontalOffset = 0x7f0401aa
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_chip_surface_color = 0x7f06008f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox = 0x7f1102b8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/checkMarkCompat = 0x7f040092
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/closeItemLayout = 0x7f0400c7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/material_minute_suffix = 0x7f100032
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_right = 0x7f07002b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Subtitle = 0x7f110145
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_calendar_item_stroke_color = 0x7f060089
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/searchViewStyle = 0x7f0402f4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f110059
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/State = 0x7f12007a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/closeIconStartPadding = 0x7f0400c4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/notification_action_background = 0x7f080082
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/NavigationView = 0x7f120067
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/alphabeticModifiers = 0x7f04002d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/fastscroll_default_thickness = 0x7f070090
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/motionEffect_move = 0x7f040288
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/flow_firstVerticalStyle = 0x7f040176
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/colorSecondary = 0x7f0400e0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar = 0x7f1100b7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/switch_thumb_disabled_material_light = 0x7f0600c9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/waveShape = 0x7f0403d8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/chipStandaloneStyle = 0x7f0400ad
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_constraintRight_creator = 0x7f04020d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/design_tab_max_width = 0x7f070089
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/boxCornerRadiusBottomStart = 0x7f04006a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/boxCornerRadiusBottomEnd = 0x7f040069
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/dividerHorizontal = 0x7f04012c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/mtrl_picker_invalid_range = 0x7f100051
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Platform.AppCompat = 0x7f1100f2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/colorOnSurface = 0x7f0400db
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/colorPrimaryVariant = 0x7f0400df
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/abc_searchview_description_voice = 0x7f100017
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_btn_radio_material_anim = 0x7f080011
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/popupMenuBackground = 0x7f0402c9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/dayStyle = 0x7f04011f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:integer/app_bar_elevation_anim_duration = 0x7f0a0002
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/colorControlHighlight = 0x7f0400d3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/buttonBarStyle = 0x7f040076
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox = 0x7f1101e4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.MinWidth.Bridge = 0x7f1101bd
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker = 0x7f1102c5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/action_menu_presenter = 0x7f090040
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_cab_background_top_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080018
org.mentorschools.butterfield:array/descriptions = 0x7f030000
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/selected = 0x7f09016f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/contentInsetEndWithActions = 0x7f0400ef
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_ab_share_pack_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080007
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/flow_horizontalStyle = 0x7f04017a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/collapsingToolbarLayoutStyle = 0x7f0400cd
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/showDelay = 0x7f040303
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/collapsedTitleTextAppearance = 0x7f0400cc
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/tickMark = 0x7f040397
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f110016
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_constraintHeight_percent = 0x7f040206
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/navigation_bar_item_labels_group = 0x7f09012a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/colorButtonNormal = 0x7f0400d1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/itemIconTint = 0x7f0401cd
org.mentorschools.butterfield:anim/abc_popup_enter = 0x7f010003
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingRight = 0x7f040242
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/listChoiceIndicatorMultipleAnimated = 0x7f040236
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/closeIconVisible = 0x7f0400c6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Body2 = 0x7f110173
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/closeIconTint = 0x7f0400c5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Small = 0x7f110240
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_constraintTop_toBottomOf = 0x7f040214
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/material_timepicker_ok_button = 0x7f090101
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_start = 0x7f0700c2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/easeInOut = 0x7f0900a9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/bestChoice = 0x7f09005c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/buttonTint = 0x7f04007d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/textTop = 0x7f0901af
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_seekbar_track_material = 0x7f080043
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Subtitle2 = 0x7f110043
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/accessibility_custom_action_26 = 0x7f090024
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/mock_showLabel = 0x7f040279
org.mentorschools.butterfield:integer/mtrl_card_anim_delay_ms = 0x7f0a0016
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/tabIndicatorFullWidth = 0x7f040347
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/clockIcon = 0x7f0400be
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox = 0x7f1101fd
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/commitIcon = 0x7f0400e4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/design_dark_default_color_error = 0x7f060032
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f1100a6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/clockFaceBackgroundColor = 0x7f0400bc
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/design_dark_default_color_secondary = 0x7f06003b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/compat_notification_large_icon_max_height = 0x7f07005c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Animation.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f110007
org.mentorschools.butterfield:animator/linear_indeterminate_line1_tail_interpolator = 0x7f02000a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/material_clock_period_toggle_width = 0x7f0700a6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/clickAction = 0x7f0400bb
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/attributeName = 0x7f040037
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/reactiveGuide_applyToConstraintSet = 0x7f0402e1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/checkedButton = 0x7f040096
org.mentorschools.butterfield:anim/btn_checkbox_to_checked_box_outer_merged_animation = 0x7f01000d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert.Bridge = 0x7f1101c7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/textStart = 0x7f0901ae
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/clearsTag = 0x7f0400ba
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListView.Menu = 0x7f1100c3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f11003d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/tooltipText = 0x7f0403b0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/textAppearanceHeadline4 = 0x7f040365
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/circularProgressIndicatorStyle = 0x7f0400b4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/spinBars = 0x7f040313
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/colorOnPrimarySurface = 0x7f0400d9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused = 0x7f070134
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/circularflow_radiusInDP = 0x7f0400b8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Menu = 0x7f11014e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/mtrl_navigation_bar_item_background = 0x7f08007d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/chipStrokeWidth = 0x7f0400b0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:anim/fragment_fast_out_extra_slow_in = 0x7f01001c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/drawableTopCompat = 0x7f04013b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/design_menu_item_action_area = 0x7f0c0025
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/itemTextColor = 0x7f0401de
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f11007c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/displayOptions = 0x7f04012a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/listChoiceBackgroundIndicator = 0x7f040235
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f11018b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/counterOverflowTextColor = 0x7f04010d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/easeIn = 0x7f0900a8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/abc_search_hint = 0x7f100012
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_btn_padding_left = 0x7f0700e7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:animator/linear_indeterminate_line2_tail_interpolator = 0x7f02000c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/MenuItem = 0x7f12005b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_dropdownitem_icon_width = 0x7f070029
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/cardview_default_elevation = 0x7f070054
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/numericModifiers = 0x7f0402a2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/chipIconVisible = 0x7f0400a7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/button_material_light = 0x7f060029
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/number = 0x7f0402a1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/material_timepicker_pm = 0x7f10003e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_elevation = 0x7f07014b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/colorError = 0x7f0400d5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/chipEndPadding = 0x7f0400a1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/tooltip_background_dark = 0x7f0600d2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_stroke_width_focused = 0x7f070177
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/trackCornerRadius = 0x7f0403b8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/actionBarWidgetTheme = 0x7f04000c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_navigation_bar_ripple_color = 0x7f06009f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/material_blue_grey_950 = 0x7f060061
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/thumbTint = 0x7f040392
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.Design.TextInputEditText = 0x7f110258
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/chipBackgroundColor = 0x7f04009f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_constraintWidth_default = 0x7f04021a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Bridge = 0x7f1101a8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/textStartPadding = 0x7f040384
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/notification_subtext_size = 0x7f07018f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f110264
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/counterTextAppearance = 0x7f04010e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/activity_main = 0x7f0c001d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/checkedTextViewStyle = 0x7f04009e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium = 0x7f110022
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/textAppearanceLineHeightEnabled = 0x7f040369
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.Design.TabLayout = 0x7f1100d6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/spinnerDropDownItemStyle = 0x7f040314
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/neverCompleteToEnd = 0x7f09012f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_hide_motion_spec = 0x7f020013
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/textBackground = 0x7f040374
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/checkedIconVisible = 0x7f04009d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/mtrl_internal_children_alpha_tag = 0x7f090119
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/tomato = 0x7f080092
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_item_min_width = 0x7f070067
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/shrinkMotionSpec = 0x7f040309
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_vector_test = 0x7f080055
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListView = 0x7f110236
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/mtrl_badge_numberless_content_description = 0x7f100041
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/btn_radio_off_mtrl = 0x7f08005c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/percentY = 0x7f0402c1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/dragStart = 0x7f0900a5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_ratingbar_indicator_material = 0x7f080039
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/notification_small_icon_background_padding = 0x7f07018d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Chip = 0x7f110176
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.DarkActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f1101aa
org.mentorschools.butterfield:animator/linear_indeterminate_line2_head_interpolator = 0x7f02000b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark = 0x7f1101d5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/material_timepicker_clockface = 0x7f06007f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/listPreferredItemHeight = 0x7f04023d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/showDividers = 0x7f040304
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/colorOnPrimary = 0x7f0400d8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/mtrl_calendar_year_selector_frame = 0x7f090116
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/hideOnContentScroll = 0x7f0401a2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small.Inverse = 0x7f110029
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/material_slider_thumb_color = 0x7f06007b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f11011f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/colorSwitchThumbNormal = 0x7f0400e3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f1100a3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:anim/abc_slide_out_bottom = 0x7f010008
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.DifferentCornerSize = 0x7f11011b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/dayInvalidStyle = 0x7f04011d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/iconSize = 0x7f0401b0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/abc_action_menu_overflow_description = 0x7f100002
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/flow_maxElementsWrap = 0x7f04017f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:anim/abc_slide_in_bottom = 0x7f010006
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/yearTodayStyle = 0x7f0403e6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/carousel_previousState = 0x7f04008d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_btn_radio_material = 0x7f080010
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/dim_foreground_material_dark = 0x7f060057
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/material_motion_easing_linear = 0x7f100036
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/searchIcon = 0x7f0402f3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/text_view_without_line_height = 0x7f0c0072
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/mtrl_calendar_day = 0x7f0c0042
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_btn_letter_spacing = 0x7f0700dd
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.PrimarySurface = 0x7f11025b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f1100b0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/AndroidThemeColorAccentYellow = 0x7f110002
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/contrast = 0x7f0400fc
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/contentInsetRight = 0x7f0400f1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/action_bar_container = 0x7f090036
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/cardPreventCornerOverlap = 0x7f040084
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/motion_postLayoutCollision = 0x7f040294
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f110160
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/design_navigation_padding_bottom = 0x7f07007c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/constraintSetStart = 0x7f0400e8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/design_tab_text_size_2line = 0x7f07008c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/queryPatterns = 0x7f0402d9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_left = 0x7f07002a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.Design.Hint = 0x7f11016b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/borderRoundPercent = 0x7f04005f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/material_clock_hand_center_dot_radius = 0x7f0700a0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Test.ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day = 0x7f110126
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/$ic_launcher_foreground__0 = 0x7f080006
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/buttonBarButtonStyle = 0x7f040072
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/endIconCheckable = 0x7f040148
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/navigationViewStyle = 0x7f04029d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/boxStrokeWidthFocused = 0x7f040070
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/abc_btn_colored_text_material = 0x7f060003
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/buttonCompat = 0x7f040077
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_ic_menu_cut_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080022
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/abc_decor_view_status_guard = 0x7f060005
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/barLength = 0x7f04004e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/boxStrokeErrorColor = 0x7f04006e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/action_menu_divider = 0x7f09003f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/enableEdgeToEdge = 0x7f040147
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/design_dark_default_color_secondary_variant = 0x7f06003c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/carousel_nextState = 0x7f04008c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_height = 0x7f070064
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/behavior_halfExpandedRatio = 0x7f040057
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_icon_padding = 0x7f070144
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/design_snackbar_elevation = 0x7f070081
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle = 0x7f040073
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/titleTextStyle = 0x7f0403a9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:animator/mtrl_card_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/endIconContentDescription = 0x7f040149
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/contentPaddingEnd = 0x7f0400f6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/cornerRadius = 0x7f040104
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/itemShapeInsetBottom = 0x7f0401d4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.Shortcut = 0x7f110105
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/behavior_draggable = 0x7f040054
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TimePicker = 0x7f1101ff
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/material_radial_view_group = 0x7f0c0035
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_dark = 0x7f060000
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/material_filled_edittext_font_2_0_padding_top = 0x7f0700b1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/material_time_picker_minimum_screen_height = 0x7f0700bd
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/cardViewStyle = 0x7f040086
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_margin = 0x7f0700cf
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/panelMenuListTheme = 0x7f0402b5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/snapMargins = 0x7f09017e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/design_snackbar_background = 0x7f080064
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/actionBarDivider = 0x7f040002
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/materialTimePickerStyle = 0x7f040260
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/fixed = 0x7f0900bb
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/maxLines = 0x7f040268
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/compat_notification_large_icon_max_width = 0x7f07005d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/mtrl_popupmenu_background = 0x7f08007e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/motionEffect_strict = 0x7f04028a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/badgeGravity = 0x7f04004b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/backgroundTintMode = 0x7f04004a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/actionProviderClass = 0x7f040023
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_radius = 0x7f070155
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/backgroundStacked = 0x7f040048
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_constrainedWidth = 0x7f0401f1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/Fragment = 0x7f120038
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/iconStartPadding = 0x7f0401b1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/mtrl_anchor_parent = 0x7f09010e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_shadow_height = 0x7f07006a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/switchPadding = 0x7f04033b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/dragScale = 0x7f040130
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/backgroundTint = 0x7f040049
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/voiceIcon = 0x7f0403d2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/design_fab_stroke_top_inner_color = 0x7f060051
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle = 0x7f040075
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/initialActivityCount = 0x7f0401c3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/dragDirection = 0x7f04012f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day.Invalid = 0x7f110291
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/notification_small_icon_size_as_large = 0x7f07018e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/SHOW_PATH = 0x7f09000a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/autoSizeTextType = 0x7f04003e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/passwordToggleTint = 0x7f0402ba
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/suffixText = 0x7f040336
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/hide_bottom_view_on_scroll_behavior = 0x7f10002a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_height = 0x7f0700d2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_margin = 0x7f07014e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/fontProviderAuthority = 0x7f040188
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/background = 0x7f040040
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_transition_shared_axis_slide_distance = 0x7f070182
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/springDamping = 0x7f040318
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/autoSizePresetSizes = 0x7f04003c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/crossfade = 0x7f040110
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/TextEffects = 0x7f120083
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/tabUnboundedRipple = 0x7f040358
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/textAppearanceOverline = 0x7f04036d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f1100ae
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/allowStacking = 0x7f04002b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_bottom = 0x7f0700c0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.CloseMode = 0x7f11020a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_size = 0x7f0700e9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/arrowShaftLength = 0x7f040036
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/actionBarItemBackground = 0x7f040003
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/boxStrokeColor = 0x7f04006d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_000 = 0x7f080012
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/altSrc = 0x7f04002e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/tooltip_margin = 0x7f0701a0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/autoSizeStepGranularity = 0x7f04003d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.AppCompat.CompactMenu = 0x7f110186
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.V28.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f110093
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/material_grey_800 = 0x7f060069
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/fontFamily = 0x7f040187
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/radio = 0x7f090150
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/mtrl_card_checked_layer_id = 0x7f090117
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/BaseProgressIndicator = 0x7f120014
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/actionModeWebSearchDrawable = 0x7f040020
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f110194
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/error_color_material_light = 0x7f06005a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/colorPrimary = 0x7f0400dc
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/material_time_picker_minimum_screen_width = 0x7f0700be
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_btn_check_material = 0x7f08000a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_text_size_title_material = 0x7f07004f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/activityChooserViewStyle = 0x7f040026
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/SHIFT = 0x7f090008
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/dropdownListPreferredItemHeight = 0x7f04013e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/thumbColor = 0x7f04038c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date.Calendar = 0x7f1101f4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/actionModeBackground = 0x7f040012
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/hintAnimationEnabled = 0x7f0401a4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/material_ic_keyboard_arrow_right_black_24dp = 0x7f080074
org.mentorschools.butterfield:anim/abc_slide_out_top = 0x7f010009
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle = 0x7f040074
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f11025c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_show_motion_spec = 0x7f020014
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingStart = 0x7f040243
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large.Inverse = 0x7f11001f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/filled = 0x7f0900b9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_constraintHeight_max = 0x7f040204
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_list_divider_material = 0x7f08002b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:anim/btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_ring_outer_animation = 0x7f010016
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/carousel_touchUp_dampeningFactor = 0x7f04008f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/placeholder_emptyVisibility = 0x7f0402c7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/switch_thumb_material_dark = 0x7f0600ca
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/actionBarPopupTheme = 0x7f040004
org.mentorschools.butterfield:string/mtrl_picker_toggle_to_text_input_mode = 0x7f100062
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/textinput_placeholder = 0x7f0901b6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu = 0x7f110239
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/keyboardIcon = 0x7f0401e0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_seekbar_track_background_height_material = 0x7f070038
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display1 = 0x7f110136
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_exposed_dropdown_menu_popup_vertical_offset = 0x7f07011f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/badgeTextColor = 0x7f04004d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/actionModeCloseContentDescription = 0x7f040014
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/animateCircleAngleTo = 0x7f04002f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.V22.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f11008c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_exposed_dropdown_menu_popup_elevation = 0x7f07011e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderCancelButton = 0x7f110296
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/switchMinWidth = 0x7f04033a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_000 = 0x7f08003d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_picker_background_inset = 0x7f0700c4
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/chipSurfaceColor = 0x7f0400b2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/abc_textfield_default_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080051
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/showPaths = 0x7f040306
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/abc_dialog_padding_material = 0x7f070024
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/chipCornerRadius = 0x7f0400a0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/customReference = 0x7f04011b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/mtrl_picker_fullscreen = 0x7f0c0051
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/motionDurationShort1 = 0x7f04027f
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f110223
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/cardForegroundColor = 0x7f040082
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/flow_verticalBias = 0x7f040182
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/splitTrack = 0x7f040316
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/design_layout_tab_icon = 0x7f0c0023
org.mentorschools.butterfield:styleable/ConstraintLayout_Layout = 0x7f120027
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/neverCompleteToStart = 0x7f090130
org.mentorschools.butterfield:animator/mtrl_fab_show_motion_spec = 0x7f020017
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/ifRoom = 0x7f0900d2
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/useCompatPadding = 0x7f0403c8
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/match_constraint = 0x7f0900ef
org.mentorschools.butterfield:bool/mtrl_btn_textappearance_all_caps = 0x7f050002
org.mentorschools.butterfield:animator/fragment_fade_exit = 0x7f020006
org.mentorschools.butterfield:dimen/material_clock_period_toggle_margin_left = 0x7f0700a5
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/mtrl_card_view_ripple = 0x7f06008c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/immediateStop = 0x7f0900d7
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium = 0x7f110142
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Picker.Date.Calendar = 0x7f1100ea
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/barrier = 0x7f090058
org.mentorschools.butterfield:integer/mtrl_badge_max_character_count = 0x7f0a0010
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_constraintGuide_end = 0x7f040200
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/material_timepicker_modebutton_tint = 0x7f060080
org.mentorschools.butterfield:color/bright_foreground_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f060022
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/actionViewClass = 0x7f040025
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/material_ic_keyboard_arrow_left_black_24dp = 0x7f080071
org.mentorschools.butterfield:anim/design_snackbar_out = 0x7f01001b
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Info = 0x7f110162
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/scrimBackground = 0x7f0402f0
org.mentorschools.butterfield:anim/design_snackbar_in = 0x7f01001a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/enforceMaterialTheme = 0x7f04014e
org.mentorschools.butterfield:drawable/material_ic_keyboard_arrow_previous_black_24dp = 0x7f080073
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/boxBackgroundColor = 0x7f040066
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/onCross = 0x7f0402a3
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_constraintLeft_creator = 0x7f04020a
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/imagePanY = 0x7f0401b9
org.mentorschools.butterfield:animator/fragment_open_exit = 0x7f020008
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/wavePeriod = 0x7f0403d6
org.mentorschools.butterfield:integer/material_motion_duration_medium_2 = 0x7f0a000c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.Underlined = 0x7f110248
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/mtrl_calendar_months = 0x7f0c0049
org.mentorschools.butterfield:anim/mtrl_bottom_sheet_slide_in = 0x7f01001d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/dragThreshold = 0x7f040131
org.mentorschools.butterfield:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_change_size_collapse_motion_spec = 0x7f020011
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar = 0x7f1100ce
org.mentorschools.butterfield:layout/design_bottom_sheet_dialog = 0x7f0c0020
org.mentorschools.butterfield:id/checkbox = 0x7f09006d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/closeIconEnabled = 0x7f0400c1
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/dropDownListViewStyle = 0x7f04013d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/layout_constraintLeft_toRightOf = 0x7f04020c
org.mentorschools.butterfield:attr/fastScrollHorizontalThumbDrawable = 0x7f04016d
org.mentorschools.butterfield:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark.ActionBar = 0x7f1101d6
